425 1 d489331d425.htm 425 425

 |  | Filed by: Discover Financial Services Pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act of 1933 and deemed filed pursuant to Rule 14a-12
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Subject Company: Discover
Financial Services Commission File No.: 001-33378

The following is a message sent by Michael Rhodes to Discover Financial Services employees on February 19, 2024.

A Message from Michael
Rhodes

Today the Boards of Directors for both Discover and Capital One approved an agreement in which Discover will merge into Capital One. Pending
regulatory approval, the combination of our organizations will bring together two mission-driven companies that are industry leaders with strong brands and a shared commitment to customer experience.

Discover has long been a disruptor in this industry, having pioneered no annual fee and 24/7 customer service, and introduced Cashback Bonus and Cashback
Debit and free FICO scores. With this strategic decision, we will be part of another game-changing move in this industry. This merger will accelerate the progress we have made toward becoming the leading consumer bank and give us the ability to
compete at a larger scale. It will also create strategic opportunities through the combined strength of Discover’s proven credit card business franchises and global payments network with Capital One’s digital-first consumer banking
business.

I have admired Discover since its inception for a few key reasons. Our legacy as an industry pioneer. Our spirit of innovation and what we
stand for in looking out for our customers. And the company’s mission to help people build brighter financial futures.

Clearly, Capital One shares
my admiration. They respect what we do, they admire our brand and share our commitment to community. And they have indicated that they are committed to continuing the service excellence for which Discover is known. By joining forces, we will be
better able to compete with the largest banks and payment companies in the U.S.

I understand this is unexpected and you will have many questions. Please
keep in mind today is day one. There is still much work to do and decisions to be made about how we will combine our two organizations. Importantly, this requires regulatory approval, which may take some time. Until then, we remain two independent
companies and there is no change in our mission, strategy, or the work we do every day to achieve it.

Nothing changes today. We must continue to take
care of our customers and remain focused on our day-to-day roles and responsibilities, including our risk and compliance management.

The Executive Management Committee and I will host a Town Hall meeting today at 2:30 PM CT. In the meantime, attached please find an FAQ to help with initial
questions.

This announcement may generate interest from outside our organization. If you are contacted by the media, please direct those inquiries to
Matt Towson, Corporate Communications, at matthewtowson@discover.com.

Thank you for everything you do for Discover and our customers. Let’s work
together to build upon Discover’s strong and successful history as we embark on this new chapter together.

Forward Looking Statements

Information in this communication, other than statements of historical facts, may constitute forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the benefits of the proposed transaction between Discover Financial Services (“Discover”) and Capital One Financial Corporation
(“Capital One”), including future financial and operating results (including the anticipated impact of the transaction on Discover’s and Capital One’s respective earnings and tangible book value), statements related to the
expected timing of the completion of the transaction, the combined company’s plans, objectives, expectations and intentions, and other statements that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements may be identified by terminology such as
“may,” “will,” “should,” “targets,” “scheduled,” “plans,” “intends,” “goal,” “anticipates,” “expects,” “believes,” “forecasts,”
“outlook,” “estimates,” “potential,” or “continue” or negatives of such terms or other comparable terminology.

All forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of
Discover or Capital One to differ materially from any results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among others, (1) the risk that the cost savings and any revenue synergies from the transaction may not
be fully realized or may take longer than anticipated to be realized, (2) disruption to the parties’ businesses as a result of the announcement and pendency of the transaction, (3) the risk that the integration of each party’s
operations will be materially delayed or will be more costly or difficult than expected or that the parties are otherwise unable to successfully integrate as a result of unexpected factors or events, (4) the failure to obtain the necessary
approvals by the stockholders of Discover or Capital One, (5) the ability by each of Discover and Capital One to obtain required governmental approvals of the transaction on the timeline expected, or at all, and the risk that such approvals may
result in the imposition of conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the transaction, (6) reputational risk and the reaction of each company’s customers, suppliers, employees or other business
partners to the transaction, (7) the failure of the closing conditions in the merger agreement to be satisfied, or any unexpected delay in closing the transaction or the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give
rise to the termination of the merger agreement, (8) the possibility that the transaction may be more expensive to complete than anticipated, including as a result of unexpected factors or events, (9) risks related to management and
oversight of the expanded business and operations of the combined company due to the increased size and complexity, (10) the possibility of increased scrutiny by, and/or additional regulatory requirements of, governmental authorities as a
result of the transaction or the size, scope and complexity of the combined company’s business operations, (11) the outcome of any legal or regulatory proceedings that may be currently pending or later instituted against Capital One or
Discover or the combined company before or after the transaction, and (12) general competitive, economic, political and market conditions and other factors that may affect future results of Discover and Capital One including changes in asset
quality and credit risk; the inability to sustain revenue and earnings growth; changes in interest rates and capital markets; inflation; customer borrowing, repayment, investment and deposit practices; the impact, extent and timing of technological
changes; capital management activities; and other actions of the Federal Reserve Board and legislative and regulatory actions and reforms. Additional factors which could affect future results of Discover and Capital One can be found in
Discover’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and Capital
One’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K, in each case filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and available on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. Discover and Capital One disclaim any obligation and do not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained
in this communication, which speak only as of the date hereof, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by federal securities laws.

Important Information About the Transaction and Where to Find It

Capital One intends to file a registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC to register the shares of Capital
One’s common stock that will be issued to Discover stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction. The registration statement will include a joint proxy statement of Capital One and Discover that also constitutes a prospectus of
Capital One. The definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus will be sent to the stockholders of each of Discover and Capital One in connection with the proposed transaction. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE

URGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE (AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTION OR
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS) BECAUSE SUCH DOCUMENTS WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION AND RELATED MATTERS. Investors and security holders may obtain free copies of these
documents and other documents filed with the SEC by Discover or Capital One through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov or by contacting the investor relations department of Discover or Capital One at:

[TABLE]
Discover Financial Services |  | Capital One Financial Corporation
2500 Lake Cook Road |  | 1680 Capital One Drive
Riverwoods, IL 60015 |  | McLean, VA 22102
Attention: Investor Relations |  | Attention: Investor Relations
investorrelations@discover.com (224) 405-4555 |  | investorrelations@capitalone.com
 (703) 720-1000
[/TABLE]

Before making any voting or investment decision, investors and security holders of Discover and Capital One are urged to
read carefully the entire registration statement and joint proxy statement/prospectus when they become available, including any amendments thereto, because they will contain important information about the proposed transaction. Free copies of these
documents may be obtained as described above.

Participants in Solicitation

Discover, Capital One and certain of their directors and executive officers may be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders of
each of Discover and Capital One in connection with the transaction. Information regarding the directors and executive officers of Discover and Capital One and other persons who may be deemed participants in the solicitation of the stockholders of
Discover or of Capital One in connection with the transaction will be included in the joint proxy statement/prospectus related to the proposed transaction, which will be filed by Capital One with the SEC. Information about the directors and
executive officers of Discover and their ownership of Discover common stock can also be found in Discover’s definitive proxy statement in connection with its 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, as filed with the SEC on March 17, 2023, and
other documents subsequently filed by Discover with the SEC. Information about the directors and executive officers of Capital One and their ownership of Capital One common stock can also be found in Capital One’s definitive proxy statement in
connection with its 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, as filed with the SEC on March 22, 2023, and other documents subsequently filed by Capital One with the SEC. Additional information regarding the interests of such participants will be
included in the joint proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant documents regarding the proposed transaction filed with the SEC when they become available.
