#2020-056 
 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY 
OFFICE OF THE COMPTROLLER OF THE CURRENCY 
 
 
In the Matter of: 
 
Citibank, National Association 
Sioux Falls, South Dakota 
 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
 
 
AA-EC-2020-64 
 
 CONSENT ORDER 
 
WHEREAS, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (“OCC”) has supervisory 
authority over Citibank, National Association (“Bank”); 
WHEREAS, the OCC intends to initiate cease and desist proceedings against the Bank 
pursuant to 12 U.S.C. § 1818(b), through the issuance of a Notice of Charges, for deficiencies in 
its data governance, risk management, and internal controls that constitute unsafe or unsound 
practices and that contributed to violations of law or regulation; 
WHEREAS, in the interest of cooperation and to avoid additional costs associated with 
administrative and judicial proceedings with respect to the above matter, the Bank, by and 
through its duly elected and acting Board of Directors (“Board”), consents to the issuance of 
this Consent Order (“Order”), by the OCC through the duly authorized representative of the 
Comptroller of the Currency (“Comptroller”); and 
NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to the authority vested in the OCC by Section 8(b) of 
the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as amended, 12 U.S.C. § 1818(b), the OCC hereby orders 
that: 
  
2 
 
ARTICLE I 
JURISDICTION 
(1) The Bank is an “insured depository institution” as that term is defined in  
12 U.S.C. § 1813(c)(2). 
(2) The Bank is a national banking association within the meaning of 12 U.S.C. 
§ 1813(q)(1)(A), and is chartered and examined by the OCC. See 12 U.S.C. § 1 et seq. 
(3) The OCC is the “appropriate Federal banking agency” as that term is defined in 
12 U.S.C. § 1813(q) and is therefore authorized to initiate and maintain this cease and desist 
action against the Bank pursuant to 12 U.S.C. § 1818(b). 
ARTICLE II 
COMPTROLLER’S FINDINGS 
 The Comptroller finds, and the Bank neither admits nor denies, the following: 
(1) For several years, the Bank has failed to implement and maintain an enterprise-
wide risk management and compliance risk management program, internal controls, or a data 
governance program commensurate with the Bank’s size, complexity, and risk profile.  
(2) The OCC has identified the following deficiencies, noncompliance with  
12 C.F.R. Part 30, Appendix D, “OCC Guidelines Establishing Heightened Standards for 
Certain Large Insured National Banks, Insured Federal Savings Associations, and Insured 
Federal Branches,” or unsafe or unsound practices with respect to the Bank’s enterprise-wide 
risk management and compliance risk management program: 
(a) failure to establish effective front-line units and independent risk 
management as required by 12 C.F.R. Part 30, Appendix D; 
(b) failure to establish an effective risk governance framework as required by 
12 C.F.R. Part 30, Appendix D; 
3 
 
(c) failure of the Bank’s enterprise-wide risk management policies, standards, 
and frameworks to adequately identify, measure, monitor, and control 
risks; and 
(d) failure of compensation and performance management programs to 
incentivize effective risk management. 
(3) The OCC has identified unsafe or unsound practices with respect to the Bank’s 
internal controls, including, among other things, an absence of clearly defined roles and 
responsibilities and noncompliance with multiple laws and regulations. 
(4) The OCC has identified the following deficiencies, noncompliance with  
12 C.F.R. Part 30, Appendix D, or unsafe or unsound practices with respect to the Bank’s data 
quality and data governance, including risk data aggregation and management and regulatory 
reporting:  
(a) failure to establish effective front-line units, independent risk 
management, internal audit, and control functions as required by 12 C.F.R. 
Part 30, Appendix D; 
(b) inability to develop and execute on a comprehensive plan to address data 
governance deficiencies, including data quality errors and failure to 
produce timely and accurate management and regulatory reporting; and 
(c) inadequate reporting to the Board on the status of data quality and 
progress in remediating identified deficiencies.  
(5) In addition to the deficiencies, noncompliance with 12 C.F.R. Part 30, Appendix 
D, and unsafe or unsound practices detailed in paragraphs (2) – (4) above, the OCC has 
determined that Board and senior management oversight is inadequate to ensure timely, 
4 
 
appropriate actions to correct the serious and longstanding deficiencies and unsafe or unsound 
practices in the areas of risk management, internal controls, and data governance at the Bank. 
Furthermore, inadequate reporting to the Board hinders its ability to provide effective oversight.  
(6) By reason of the foregoing conduct, the Bank was in noncompliance with  
12 C.F.R. Part 30, Appendix D, and engaged in unsafe or unsound practices that were part of a 
pattern of misconduct. 
(7) The foregoing conduct also contributed to violations of law and regulation and 
continuous noncompliance with 12 C.F.R. Part 30, Appendix D. Among other things, the Bank’s 
deficiencies in internal controls and compliance risk management have contributed to violations 
of laws and regulations and the OCC assessed civil money penalties in 2019 based specifically 
on violations of the Fair Housing Act, 42 U.S.C. § 3601—19, and its implementing regulation, 
24 C.F.R. Part 100; violations of the holding period for other real estate owned, 12 U.S.C. § 29 
and 12 C.F.R. § 34.82; and in 2020 based specifically on violations of the Flood Disaster 
Protection Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. § 4012a(f), and its implementing regulations, specifically 
12 C.F.R. § 22.7(a). 
(8) The Bank has begun taking corrective action and has committed to taking all 
 
 necessary and appropriate steps to remedy the deficiencies identified by the OCC.  
 
ARTICLE III 
 
COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE 
(1) Within fifteen (15) days of the effective date of this Order, the Board shall 
appoint a Compliance Committee of at least five (5) members of which a majority shall be 
directors of the Bank who are not employees or officers of the Bank or any of its subsidiaries or 
affiliates. The Board shall submit in writing to the Examiner-in-Charge the names of the 
5 
 
members of the Compliance Committee within ten (10) days of their appointment. In the event 
of a change of the membership, the Board shall submit in writing to the Examiner-in-Charge 
within ten (10) days the name of any new or resigning committee member. The Compliance 
Committee shall monitor and oversee the Bank’s compliance with the provisions of this Order. 
The Compliance Committee shall meet at least quarterly and maintain minutes of its meetings. 
(2) Within one hundred twenty (120) days of the effective date of this Order, and on a 
quarterly basis thereafter, the Compliance Committee shall submit to the Board a written 
progress report setting forth in detail: 
(a) reporting of data quality that includes metrics that are accurate and 
meaningful; 
(b) a description of the corrective actions needed to achieve compliance with 
each Article of this Order and the associated milestones; 
(c) the specific corrective actions undertaken to comply with each Article of 
this Order and the associated milestones; and 
(d) the results and status of the corrective actions. 
(3) Upon receiving each written progress report, the Board shall forward a copy of 
the report, with any additional comments by the Board, to the Examiner-in-Charge within forty-
five (45) days of the end of each calendar quarter.  
ARTICLE IV 
COMPREHENSIVE ACTION PLAN 
(1) The Bank shall develop an acceptable Consent Order Action Plan (“COAP”) 
detailing the remedial actions necessary to achieve compliance with Articles VI through XII of 
this Order. Separately, the Bank shall develop an acceptable Data Governance Plan (“DGP”) 
6 
 
detailing the remedial actions necessary to achieve compliance with Article V. Collectively, the 
DGP and the COAP are referred to in this Order as “the Comprehensive Action Plan.” At the 
time the Bank is required to submit the DGP pursuant to Article V, Paragraph (2), the Bank 
shall submit the Comprehensive Action Plan to the Examiner-in-Charge for review and prior 
written determination of no supervisory objection by the Deputy Comptroller. In addition to the 
required contents of the DGP set forth in Article V, the Comprehensive Action Plan shall 
specify: 
(a) a description of the corrective actions needed to achieve compliance with 
each Article of this Order; 
(b)  reasonable and well-supported timelines for completion of the corrective 
actions required by this Order, including the associated milestones; and 
(c) the person(s) responsible for completion of the corrective actions required 
by this Order.  
(2) In the event the Deputy Comptroller requires changes to either the DGP or the 
COAP, the Bank shall incorporate the required changes into the appropriate Plan and submit the 
revised DGP or COAP to the Examiner-in-Charge for review and prior written determination of 
no supervisory objection by the Deputy Comptroller. 
(3) Upon receipt of a written determination of no supervisory objection from the 
Deputy Comptroller, the Board, or a designated Board Committee, shall ensure the Bank has 
timely adopted and implemented all corrective actions required by this Order, and shall verify 
the Bank adheres to the Comprehensive Action Plan, including the timelines set forth within the 
Plan.  
7 
 
(4) The Bank shall not take any action that will cause a significant deviation from, or 
material change to, the Comprehensive Action Plan. Where the Bank considers modifications to 
the DGP or COAP appropriate, the Bank shall submit a revised DGP or COAP containing the 
proposed modifications to the Examiner-in-Charge for prior written determination of no 
supervisory objection by the Deputy Comptroller. Upon receipt of a written determination of no 
supervisory objection from the Deputy Comptroller, the Board, or a designated Board 
Committee, shall ensure the Bank has timely adopted and implemented all corrective actions 
required by this Order, and shall verify the Bank adheres to the revised DGP or COAP. 
(5) Upon written request by the Deputy Comptroller or the Examiner-in-Charge, the 
Bank shall modify the Comprehensive Action Plan to address deficiencies in Matters Requiring 
Attention if such deficiencies substantially relate to Articles V thorough XII of this Order.   
(6) Within ninety (90) days of receipt of a prior written determination of no 
supervisory objection to the DGP and COAP, and on a quarterly basis thereafter, the Bank shall 
prepare, and shall submit to the Board, a written DGP and COAP progress report setting forth in 
detail: 
(a) the specific corrective actions undertaken to comply with each Article of 
this Order and to achieve associated milestones, 
(b) the results and status of the corrective actions,  
(c) a listing of all changes made to the Plans since the last progress report, and  
(d) a description of the outstanding corrective actions needed to achieve 
compliance with each Article of this Order and the party or parties 
responsible for the completion of outstanding corrective actions. 
The Board shall forward a copy of the report, with any additional comments by the Board, to the 
8 
 
Examiner-in-Charge within forty-five (45) days of the end of each calendar quarter. 
(7) Within one hundred twenty (120) days of receipt of a prior written determination 
of no supervisory objection to the Comprehensive Action Plan and annually thereafter, the 
Bank’s Internal Audit department shall complete an assessment of the Bank’s progress towards 
implementing and adhering to the Plan. The findings shall be memorialized in writing and 
include the root causes and thematic analysis of any identified significant deficiencies. Within 
thirty (30) days of completing the assessment, the findings shall be provided to the Compliance 
Committee and the Examiner-in-Charge. 
ARTICLE V 
DATA GOVERNANCE PROGRAM 
(1) Within one hundred twenty (120) days of the effective date of this Order, the 
Bank shall perform an  analysis of its current data quality, aggregation, and management and  
regulatory reporting policies, procedures, and processes, including its End-User-Computing  
(“EUC”) processes, (collectively, “current data governance state”) to identify all gaps between  
the Bank’s current data governance state and the ongoing and planned corrective actions required  
to address all known data governance and EUC-related deficiencies identified by the Bank or the  
OCC, and submit a report of the analysis (the “Data Governance Gap Analysis Report”)  to the  
Examiner-in Charge.  
(2)  Within ninety (90) days after the submission of the Data Governance Gap 
Analysis Report, the Bank shall submit to the Examiner-in-Charge, for review and prior written 
determination of no supervisory objection by the Deputy Comptroller, an acceptable DGP as 
required by Article IV, Paragraph (1), designed to improve the Bank’s Data Governance 
Program. The Data Governance Program, addressed through the DGP, shall ensure that data, 
throughout its lifecycle, is accurate, consistent, timely, and complete and there is integrity in 
9 
 
processing in order to facilitate timely and accurate management and regulatory reporting so 
that management can make prompt and effective decision-making during normal times and 
periods of stress. 
In addition to the requirements set forth in Article IV with respect to the DGP, the DGP 
shall include: 
(a) The remaining corrective action as identified in the analysis required by 
   Paragraph (1) of this Article and identify the specific outcomes the Bank 
   expects the remaining corrective action to achieve. 
(b) A comprehensive data governance framework, operating model, and  
management oversight that, at a minimum, shall: 
(i) Establish clear roles, responsibilities, and accountability for 
respective front-line units, independent risk management, internal 
audit, and relevant control functions.  
(ii) Identify the skills and expertise needed to execute the DGP and 
any gaps with current staff, along with a program to develop, 
attract, and retain talent and maintain appropriate staffing levels to 
fulfill respective roles in the Bank’s Data Governance Program. 
(iii) Ensure adequate financial resources to develop and implement the 
DGP, and procedures for notifying the OCC of any material 
changes: 
1. to the financial resources allocated in the DGP that 
received a written determination of no supervisory 
objection; and 
10 
 
2. between the amount of financial resources actually 
expended in connection with the DGP versus the amount 
allocated in the DGP that received a written determination 
of no supervisory objection. 
(iv) Establish and ensure adherence to consistent and comprehensive 
data policies, procedures, and standards.  
(v) Strengthen procedures and processes for  identifying, reporting,  
monitoring, escalating, and remediating all data quality concerns. 
(vi) Strengthen procedures and processes for the continuous 
improvement of data quality. 
(vii) Implement policies, procedures, and processes for identifying and  
    reporting significant exceptions to the Data Governance Program, 
     DGP, or the policies, procedures, or processes adopted pursuant to 
     this Paragraph to the Board or a designated Board Committee and 
     either Board or designated Board Committee approval of the 
     exception or timely remediation if not approved by the Board or 
     designated Board Committee. 
(viii) Implement a comprehensive training program on the Bank’s Data 
     Governance Program for all personnel responsible for data quality, 
     data aggregation, management and/or regulatory reporting, 
     including the monitoring, testing, and/or validation of data quality, 
     aggregation, and/or reporting, and adherence to the DGP. 
11 
 
(c) The comprehensive enterprise-wide adoption of improved foundational 
capabilities for data quality, risk aggregation, and reporting. 
(d) The thorough redesign of data architecture, re-engineering of processes, 
and modernization of system applications and information technology 
infrastructure that at a minimum shall: 
(i) maximize straight-through processing and minimize manual  
 
inputting and adjustments; 
 
(ii) simplify and consolidate applications with common functionalities,  
 
eliminate disparate systems, and strengthen data quality controls;   
 
(iii) ensure that ledger and reporting systems are standardized to the  
 
fullest extent possible; 
 
(iv) ensure consistent adoption of authoritative data sources, reference  
 
data sets, enterprise-data sets; and those ledger and reporting  
 
systems that are standardized; 
 
(v)  define enterprise-data sets that are shared across sectors and 
 
business units;  
.    
(vi) establish inventory control over authoritative data sources and  
 
reference data; and  
 
(vii) ensure consistent enterprise-wide adherence by all business units  
 
and third parties to standardized technology solutions and 
 
minimize sector variances. 
 
(e) Complete implementation of all improvements to data and systems relied 
upon for liquidity risk management including:  
12 
 
(i) Board-approved tolerances for internal liquidity data quality 
reporting metrics; 
(ii) systems and reporting being produced in accordance with 
timeframes needed by management to make decisions; 
(iii) identification, inventory, and evaluation of limitations of all 
systems and data sources required for report generation, and the 
development and implementation of the corrective action 
necessary to address these limitations; 
(iv) procedures and testing requirements for validation of system(s) 
data that feeds into liquidity reporting; and 
(v) procedures and processes to ensure that senior management reports 
to the Board include significant liquidity concentrations to ensure 
they are within the Board’s risk tolerances. 
(f) An EUC Tools Framework that shall, at a minimum, include: 
 
(i) an action plan to reduce EUC tools required to achieve and 
maintain complete, timely, and accurate regulatory, management, 
and risk reporting during normal times and during times of stress; 
(ii) the updating and implementation of enterprise-wide policies, 
procedures, standards, and controls, as needed, for the use of EUC 
tools; 
(iii) policies and procedures to ensure that independent risk 
management verifies the Bank’s compliance, on an ongoing basis, 
13 
 
with policies, procedures, standards, and controls for the use of 
EUC tools; and 
(iv) ongoing processes to inventory, track, and report compliance with 
the policies, procedures, standards, and controls for the use of EUC 
tools. 
ARTICLE VI 
ENTERPRISE-WIDE RISK MANAGEMENT PROGRAM  
(1)  At the time the Bank is required to submit the DGP pursuant to Article V, 
Paragraph (2), the Bank shall submit to the Examiner-in-Charge, for review and prior written 
determination of no supervisory objection by the Deputy Comptroller, an acceptable Enterprise-
Wide Risk Management Plan (“ERMP”) containing a complete description of the actions that 
are necessary and appropriate to achieve compliance with this Article, including timeframes for 
corrective action. In the event the Deputy Comptroller directs the Bank to revise the ERMP, the 
Bank shall promptly make the necessary and appropriate revisions and submit the revised 
ERMP to the Examiner-in-Charge for review and prior written determination of no supervisory 
objection by the Deputy Comptroller. 
(2) The Enterprise-Wide Risk Management Program, addressed through the ERMP, 
shall, at a minimum, include enhancements that result in: 
(a) Enterprise-wide risk management policies to improve the identification of 
growing, emerging, or otherwise material concentrations and idiosyncratic 
risks and better define exposures to such risks.  
(b) A risk appetite framework that ensures: 
(i) For risks with a quantitative risk appetite statement, the 
development of metrics that align to the top risks within each key 
14 
 
risk area, including appropriately meaningful limits that reflect the 
Board’s risk tolerances, which tolerances shall be tied to risk 
appetite metrics utilized by front-line units.  
(ii) Qualitative statements specify how risks will be measured. 
(iii) Qualitative assessments within risk appetite reporting clearly 
   indicate whether a risk is consistent with the Board-approved 
   Risk Appetite Statement and that the conclusion is adequately 
    supported and documented. 
(c) A requirement that each front-line unit implement and adhere to a 
comprehensive risk control self-assessment framework, to include:  
(i) a description of the scope of all operations;  
(ii) all significant risks associated with operations;  
(iii) specific controls for each identified risk; and  
(iv) an assessment of the controls, risk management, and compliance 
  with the Bank’s risk appetite and associated limits or thresholds. 
(d) The establishment and documentation of the responsibility and 
accountability for risk management related functions in each front-line 
unit and independent risk management unit including the establishment of 
procedures and processes that clearly define risk management related roles 
and responsibilities for each unit, and that ensures compliance with 
enterprise-wide corporate policies, and laws and regulations.  
15 
 
(e) A program in each front-line unit and independent risk management unit 
to measure, monitor, aggregate, limit, and control risks consistent with the 
Bank’s: 
(i) risk appetite statement and established policies relating to this 
statement; 
(ii) concentration risk limits and established policies relating to these 
limits; 
(iii) strategic, capital, and liquidity plans;  
(iv) stress testing; and 
(v) processes for new or modified product or services approval.  
(f) The establishment of additional or modified key risk indicator metrics at 
both the enterprise and line of business, or group, levels.  
(g) The identification of the skills and expertise needed to execute the ERMP 
and of any gaps with current staff, along with a program to develop, 
attract, and retain talent and maintain appropriate staffing levels to fulfill 
respective roles in the Bank’s enterprise-wide risk management 
framework. 
(h) Written policies and procedures to ensure that independent risk 
management promotes effective oversight and control of risks that is 
appropriately independent of the related line of business and that it has the 
requisite stature, authority, and resources, including sufficient staffing to 
provide such oversight and control. At a minimum, independent risk 
management shall:  
(i) review and enhance, as appropriate, its management structure to 
16 
 
ensure that it promotes effective and independent oversight and 
control of risks; and 
(ii) develop and implement effective monitoring and testing measures 
for risks to ensure business lines, as relevant, follow applicable 
laws, regulations, policies, and procedures, and properly remediate 
any identified deficiencies; and to ensure effective testing of 
design and execution of risk controls. 
(i) Enterprise-wide policies and processes to ensure effective risk governance 
and oversight when lines of business are realigned or redesigned. 
(j)  Procedures and processes for identifying, reporting, escalating, and 
remediating limit breaches, significant compliance concerns, and 
significant risk management concerns and for documenting the 
identification, reporting, escalation, and remediation of such concerns.   
(k) A comprehensive training program for front-line and independent risk 
management staff on the Bank’s Enterprise-Wide Risk Management 
Program. 
(l) Procedures and processes for identifying and reporting to the Board 
significant exceptions to the Enterprise-Wide Risk Management Program, 
ERMP, or the policies, procedures, or processes adopted pursuant to this 
Paragraph and for requiring either Board approval of the exception or 
timely remediation of the exception if not approved by the Board. 
 (3) Upon receipt of a written determination of no supervisory objection to the ERMP, 
the Board shall ensure that the Bank implements and adheres to the ERMP. Any proposed 
changes or material deviation from the ERMP required by Paragraph (1) of this Article shall be 
17 
 
submitted in writing to the Examiner-in-Charge for review and prior written determination of no 
supervisory objection by the Deputy Comptroller. 
ARTICLE VII 
COMPLIANCE RISK MANAGEMENT 
(1) At the time the Bank is required to submit the DGP pursuant to Article V, 
Paragraph (2), the Bank shall submit to the Examiner-in-Charge, for review and prior written 
determination of no supervisory objection by the Deputy Comptroller, an acceptable 
Compliance Risk Management Plan (“CRMP”) containing a complete description of the actions 
that are necessary and appropriate to achieve compliance with this Article, including timeframes 
for corrective action. In the event the Deputy Comptroller directs the Bank to revise the CRMP, 
the Bank shall promptly make the necessary and appropriate revisions and submit the revised 
CRMP to the Examiner-in-Charge for review and prior written determination of no supervisory 
objection by the Deputy Comptroller. 
(2) The Compliance Risk Management Program, addressed through the CRMP, shall, 
at a minimum, include enhancements that result in: 
(a) An effective compliance risk governance framework that establishes the 
    roles, responsibilities, and accountability for respective front-line units and 
    independent compliance risk management. 
(b) The establishment of and adherence to policies, processes, and control 
systems within front-line units to assess, measure, and limit regulatory 
compliance exposures on an ongoing basis commensurate with the risk 
profile and risk appetite of the Bank. 
(c) The establishment of and adherence to policies, processes, and control 
systems within independent compliance risk management to assess, 
18 
 
measure, aggregate, and limit regulatory compliance exposures on an 
ongoing basis commensurate with the risk profile and risk appetite of the 
Bank. 
(d) Establishment of and adherence to procedures and processes designed to 
result in compliance with laws, regulations, and Enterprise-wide corporate 
policies. 
(e) Establishment and implementation of and adherence to procedures and 
processes to ensure that Enterprise-wide corporate policies are timely 
updated on a periodic and as-needed basis to address changes in applicable 
laws and regulations and to ensure the policies comply with the effective 
date of such laws and regulations.  
 (f) An effective, independent monitoring and testing function supported by 
sufficiently skilled staff and resources that provides risk-based scope and 
coverage to provide credible challenge and escalation of issues identified 
by front-line units. 
 (g) Enterprise-wide policies and processes to promote effective compliance 
   governance and to develop and maintain an effective change management 
   program to include the Bank’s products, services, geographies, and/or 
   customer types. 
 (h) A program to provide for effective third-party compliance risk 
management.  
 (i) Compliance information systems to measure, track, and report risk. 
 (j) Procedures and processes for identifying, reporting, escalating, and 
19 
 
   remediating significant compliance concerns, including compliance 
   risk management concerns, and for documenting the identification, 
   reporting, escalation, and remediation of such concerns. 
 (k) A comprehensive training program for front-line units, independent 
   compliance risk units, and internal audit staff that addresses relevant state 
   and federal laws and regulations and impending publicly-announced 
   changes to state and federal laws and regulations. 
 (3) Upon receipt of a written determination of no supervisory objection to the CRMP, 
the Board shall ensure that the Bank implements and adheres to the CRMP. Any proposed 
changes or material deviation from the CRMP required by Paragraph (1) of this Article shall be 
submitted in writing to the Examiner-in-Charge for review and prior written determination of no 
supervisory objection by the Deputy Comptroller. 
ARTICLE VIII 
CAPITAL PLANNING AND REPORTING 
 (1) The Bank shall improve the Bank’s capital planning processes that shall, at a 
minimum, ensure: 
(a) the development of and adherence to effective governance over capital 
planning and calculations; 
(b) that capital and risk-weighted assets are appropriately identified and 
reported; and 
(c) that periodic assessments of the Bank’s capital calculations and 
management and regulatory reporting ensure the capital calculations 
adequately take into account the Bank’s size, complexity, and overall risk 
profile.  
20 
 
ARTICLE IX 
INTERNAL CONTROLS  
(1) The Bank shall enhance the Bank’s internal controls to ensure, at a minimum, that 
there are: 
(a) Processes that require the relevant line(s) of business or another unit of the 
    Bank, including front-line units and independent risk management, to: 
(i) Perform analyses (or assess analyses previously performed) to 
diagnose the root cause(s) of the underlying issues that led to 
internal control related concerns identified by internal audit and/or 
federal regulators since 2017 and during the time this Order is in 
effect. The analysis shall, at a minimum, include: 
1. the identification of control gaps, potential exposures, and 
escalation issues;  
2. the extent of the issue and root cause (i.e. whether systemic); 
3. controllable and uncontrollable factors; and 
4. evaluation of the relevant control design(s) and operating 
control effectiveness.  
(ii) Develop action plans to remediate the root cause(s), and implement 
internal controls and oversight, where necessary, to prevent further 
internal control-related concerns.  
(iii) Assess whether any identified root cause issues may affect other 
lines of business, products, or services and development of action 
21 
 
plans to remediate or prevent internal related concerns in those 
other areas.   
(b) Processes and procedures to ensure that the limit framework considers the 
 unique aspects and complexity of the businesses and products to which the 
  limit framework applies and adequately protects the Bank against levels of 
  risk.  
(c) Processes and procedures for reassessing limits whenever there are 
    changes to the related methodology and assumptions.    
(d) Policies, processes, and procedures for improving reporting to the Board 
 and senior management that, at a minimum, shall: 
(i) capture significant enterprise-level concentrations, exposures, and 
limit breaches; and 
(ii) include relevant underlying analysis of current and emerging risks, 
 growth trends, and geographical concentrations. 
ARTICLE X 
STAFFING AND TECHNOLOGY RESOURCE ASSESSMENT 
(1) At the time the Bank is required to submit the DGP required by Article V, 
Paragraph (2), the Bank shall conduct and submit to the Board, with a copy to the Examiner-in-
Charge, a Staffing Assessment (“Staffing Assessment”) for the Bank’s front-line unit functions 
responsible for risk management, independent risk management functions, and the Bank’s 
internal audit function to ensure the allocation of adequate resources. At a minimum, the 
Staffing Assessment will: 
(a) Identify the number of staff along with the aggregate skills and expertise 
needed to execute and sustain a safe and sound system of internal controls 
22 
 
and risk management for the risk management functions of front-line 
units, independent risk management functions, and internal audit and 
identify any gaps in those aggregate skills and/or expertise within the 
Bank’s current staff, including the appropriateness of where the staff has 
more than one role across functions or business lines (“dual roles”) or 
where staff has supervisors in more than one function or business (“matrix 
reporting”). 
  (b) Detail how the Bank will address any gaps or deficiencies, including dual 
roles or matrix reporting, identified pursuant to Paragraph (1)(a) of this 
Article. 
(c) Ensure the Board performs an annual review of all dual roles and matrix 
reporting and documents in writing its approval or disapproval of the dual 
roles and matrix reporting. 
  (d) Ensure a robust staffing model that provides for ongoing monitoring of the 
Bank’s aggregate staffing for the risk management related functions in the 
front-line units, independent risk management functions, and internal audit 
function, including addressing the number, skill, and expertise gaps, and 
dual roles and matrix reporting as identified. 
(2) At the time the Bank is required to submit the DGP required by Article V, 
Paragraph (2), the Bank shall conduct and submit to the Board, with a copy to the Examiner-in-
Charge, a Technology Resource Assessment (“Technology Resource Assessment”) for the 
Bank’s control functions that will provide for the allocation of adequate technology resources. 
At a minimum, the Technology Resource Assessment will: 
23 
 
(a) Identify the number and types of technology resources needed to 
    execute and sustain a safe and sound system of internal controls and risk 
    management for control functions and identify any gaps in the number 
    and/or types of resources currently allocated to control functions. 
  (b) Detail how the Bank will address any gaps or deficiencies identified 
    pursuant to Paragraph (2)(a) of this Article.  
  (c) Ensure a robust resource model that provides for ongoing monitoring of 
 the Bank’s allocation of technology resources for control functions, 
 including addressing gaps in the number and types of resources as 
 identified. 
(3) The Compliance Committee shall ensure that management corrects any 
deficiencies identified by the Staffing and Technology Resource Assessments and implements 
any plans or recommendations resulting from these Assessments. 
(4) Thereafter, the Compliance Committee shall ensure that the Bank, at least as 
frequently as annually, evaluates: 
(a) the number, skills, expertise, and roles of the staff in the aggregate for risk 
management related functions in the front-line units, independent risk 
management functions, and internal audit functions to determine if there 
are any material deficiencies or gaps in skills or expertise or dual roles and 
develops a plan to address any identified gaps, deficiencies, or dual roles; 
and 
(b) the number and types of technology resources in the control functions to 
determine if there are any material deficiencies or gaps in the number or 
24 
 
types of such resources and develops a plan to address any identified gaps 
or deficiencies. 
ARTICLE XI 
RESTRICTIONS ON SIGNIFICANT NEW ACQUISITIONS  
(1) The Bank shall submit a request to the Examiner-in-Charge for prior written 
determination of no supervisory objection by the Deputy Comptroller to any significant new  
acquisitions, including portfolio or business acquisitions. Such request shall include a 
certification by an appropriate member of the Executive Management Team, made after the 
Bank has conducted an appropriate review process and analysis (“review process”), that 
activities relating to the significant new acquisition, will comply with applicable laws and 
regulations and that the activities would be integrated into any relevant remediations. In 
addition, the request shall include relevant financial information related to the significant new  
acquisition.  
 (2) Within thirty (30) days of the effective date of this Order, the Bank shall submit to 
the Examiner-in-Charge, for prior written determination of no supervisory objection by the 
Deputy Comptroller, a plan detailing the proposed review process required by Paragraph (1) of 
this Article. The proposed review process shall include the criteria the Bank will use to 
determine if a new acquisition is significant and any categories of ordinary course transactions 
that will be excluded from the definition of “significant new acquisition” (e.g. securitizations). 
Once the Bank receives prior written determination of no supervisory objection from the Deputy 
Comptroller to the review process, the Bank shall adopt, implement, and thereafter adhere to the 
review process in submitting any request under Paragraph (1) of this Article. With the exception 
of ordinary course transactions, such as hedging, market making, and securitization transactions 
(to the extent consistent with recent historical levels), the Bank shall not complete any new 
25 
 
portfolio or business acquisitions until it has received prior written determination of no 
supervisory objection to the review process from the Deputy Comptroller. 
 (3) After the Bank has submitted a request with respect to any significant new 
acquisition, the Bank may not complete the acquisition until the Bank receives prior written 
determination of no supervisory objection from the Deputy Comptroller. 
ARTICLE XII 
BOARD AND MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT 
(1) The Bank shall enhance the effectiveness of oversight by the Board and senior 
management in carrying out their oversight and governance of the Bank that shall, at a 
minimum, ensure: 
(a) Governance processes that shall provide for: 
(i) review and credible challenge by a senior management risk 
  committee;  
(ii) a process for employees in the relevant business line or who are 
responsible for developing, executing, or validating the 
Comprehensive Action Plan to escalate concerns about decisions 
with which they disagree to appropriate senior management; and 
(iii) documented mapping and enhancement of senior management and 
     Board committee risk reporting lines to ensure that there is 
     effective, independent oversight of front-line units. 
 (b) Board approval of the Risk Appetite Statement, on an annual basis, after 
   an assessment of the prior year’s Board-approved Risk Appetite 
   Statement, to ensure that quantitative metrics and limits and qualitative 
   statements are relevant to the Bank’s top risks. Any necessary changes 
26 
 
   shall be made to the Risk Appetite Statement prior to the Board approval. 
   This assessment and the rationale for determining whether any changes 
   need to be made shall be documented. 
 (c) Enterprise-wide policies and procedures for tracking, managing, and 
   reporting current and former employee complaints, and ensuring any 
   themes are appropriately identified and reported to a designated Board 
   Committee. 
 (d) A review by the Project Manager Office (PMO) staff of all current 
   projects within the scope of the official PMO’s duties, which review shall 
   be completed at or before the time the Bank is required to submit the DGP 
   pursuant to Article V, Paragraph (2). In conducting the review, PMO staff 
   shall: 
(i) ensure that all current projects are being executed in accordance 
  with regulatory principles and internal policy and standards;  
(ii) document all gaps and deficiencies in the project management 
function that were identified during this review, and develop an 
action plan to address the identified gaps and deficiencies; and  
(iii) issue a report to the appropriate business unit and independent risk 
    management function that describes the gaps and deficiencies 
    identified during this review and includes the action plan to 
    address them.  
 (e) Policies and procedures for improving the Bank’s project management to 
   ensure that projects are managed, monitored, and reported appropriately. 
27 
 
   These shall, at a minimum, include: 
 (i) Ensuring that all project plans clearly identify the specific desired 
   outcomes. 
(ii) Ensuring timely and comprehensive reviews by the Project 
Manager Officer or Bank’s Project Management Council (“PMC”), 
or its functional equivalent, as appropriate, of projects that fail to 
meet the deadlines set forth in the original project plan, which 
reviews shall determine the root cause(s) of the failure, and 
ensuring the root causes of such failures are timely addressed. 
(iii) A methodology to improve project planning sufficient to track and 
evaluate, during the project’s lifecycle, the performance and 
progress of projects and the personnel assigned to the project.  
(iv) Assessing senior management in the project management function 
to ensure project management senior management are appropriate 
in terms of numbers, skills, and expertise to effectively plan, 
manage, monitor, and report on projects, and ensuring that any 
identified gaps are addressed.  
(f) Prior to implementing new activities, products, services, or implementing 
realignments or redesigns of business units, products, or services, the 
development and implementation of formal governance and policies, 
procedures, and processes (collectively, “governance and processes”) that 
shall, at a minimum, include: 
(i) Appropriate controls and risk management systems to ensure that 
28 
 
   risks are appropriately identified, measured, monitored, and 
   controlled. 
(ii) An approval process that ensures approvals are timely, conducted 
 by the appropriate personnel, and documented. The approval 
process shall include a review of the governance and processes 
   required by this subparagraph. 
(g) A description of the actions that the Board and Audit Committee will each 
take to further improve its oversight of senior management, including holding 
senior management accountable for implementing and maintaining the 
corrective action required by this Order. This shall, at a minimum, include: 
(i) Procedures and processes to ensure that reports to the Board, the 
Audit Committee, and senior management are transparent and 
comprehensive and contain thorough and complete analysis, 
including thematic analysis. 
(ii) Policies and procedures to ensure the Bank timely, fully, and 
effectively remediates all matters requiring attention identified by 
the OCC. 
(iii) Policies and procedures to ensure that compensation and other 
incentives are consistent with risk management objectives and 
measurement standards including: 
1. appropriate consequences for senior management and line 
of business management for violations of the Bank’s 
policies, applicable laws and regulations, and adverse risk 
outcomes and control deficiencies; and 
29 
 
2. procedures and processes to ensure that compensation and 
other incentives for senior management, independent risk 
managers, and line of business management are consistent 
with risk management objectives and measurement 
standards and safe and sound operations. 
ARTICLE XIII 
GENERAL BOARD RESPONSIBILITIES 
(1) The Board shall ensure that the Bank has timely adopted and implemented all 
corrective actions required by this Order, and shall verify that the Bank adheres to the corrective 
actions and they are effective in addressing the Bank’s deficiencies that resulted in this Order. 
(2) In each instance in which this Order imposes responsibilities upon the Board, it is 
intended to mean that the Board shall: 
  (a) authorize, direct, and adopt corrective actions on behalf of the Bank as 
    may be necessary to perform the obligations and undertakings imposed on 
    the Board by this Order; 
  (b) ensure the Bank has sufficient processes, management, personnel, control 
    systems, and corporate and risk governance to implement and adhere to all 
   provisions of this Order; 
  (c) require that Bank management and personnel have sufficient training and 
    authority to execute their duties and responsibilities pertaining to or 
    resulting from this Order; 
  (d) hold Bank management and personnel accountable for executing their 
    duties and responsibilities pertaining to or resulting from this Order; 
  (e) require appropriate, adequate, and timely reporting to the Board by Bank 
30 
 
    management of corrective actions directed by the Board to be taken 
    under the terms of this Order; and 
   (f) address any noncompliance with corrective actions in a timely and 
    appropriate manner. 
ARTICLE XIV 
WAIVERS 
(1) The Bank, by executing and consenting to this Order, waives: 
(a) any and all rights to the issuance of a Notice of Charges pursuant to  
12 U.S.C. § 1818; 
  (b)  any and all procedural rights available in connection with the issuance of 
    this Order; 
(c) any and all rights to a hearing and a final agency decision pursuant to  
12 U.S.C. § 1818 and 12 C.F.R. Part 19; 
  (d) any and all rights to seek any type of administrative or judicial review of 
    this Order;  
  (e) any and all claims for fees, costs, or expenses against the OCC, or any of 
    its officers, employees, or agents related in any way to this enforcement 
    matter or this Order, whether arising under common law or under the 
    terms of any statute, including, but not limited to, the Equal Access to 
   Justice Act, 5 U.S.C. § 504 and 28 U.S.C. § 2412; 
  (f) any and all rights to assert this proceeding, the consent to and/or the 
    issuance of this Order, as the basis for a claim of double jeopardy in any 
   pending or future proceeding brought by the United States Department of 
31 
 
   Justice or any other governmental entity; and 
  (g) any and all rights to challenge or contest the validity of this Order. 
ARTICLE XV 
OTHER PROVISIONS 
(1) Regarding the effect of this Order, and unless the OCC informs the Bank 
otherwise in writing with respect to any or all of the subparts below: 
(a) pursuant to 12 C.F.R. § 5.3(g)(5), the Bank may be treated as an “eligible 
  bank” for the purposes of 12 C.F.R. Part 5, subject to the requirements 
  contained in 12 C.F.R. § 5.3(g)(1)-(4); 
(b) pursuant to 12 C.F.R. § 5.51(c)(7)(ii), the Bank is not subject to the 
restrictions in 12 C.F.R. § 5.51 requiring prior notice to the OCC of 
changes in directors and senior executive officers or the limitations on 
golden parachute payments set forth in 12 C.F.R. Part 359, subject to the 
requirements contained in 12 C.F.R. § 5.51(c)(7)(i), (iii); and 
(c) pursuant to 12 C.F.R. § 24.2(e)(4), the Bank may be treated as an “eligible 
  bank” for the purposes of 12 C.F.R. Part 24, subject to the requirements 
  contained in 12 C.F.R. § 24.2(e)(1)-(3). 
(2) This Order supersedes all prior OCC communications issued pursuant to 
12 C.F.R. §§ 5.3(g)(5), 5.51(c)(7)(ii), and 24.2(e)(4). 
ARTICLE XVI 
CLOSING 
(1) This Order is a settlement of the cease and desist proceeding against the Bank 
contemplated by the OCC, based on the unsafe or unsound practices and violations of law 
described in the Comptroller’s Findings set forth in Article II of this Order. The OCC releases 
32 
 
and discharges the Bank from all potential liability for a cease and desist order that has been or 
might have been asserted by the OCC based on the practices and violations described in Article 
II of this Order, to the extent known to the OCC as of the effective date of this Order. 
Notwithstanding this release, the OCC expects the Bank to expeditiously undertake all 
necessary and appropriate actions to achieve compliance with this Order. The OCC expressly 
reserves its right to assess future civil money penalties, or take other supervisory and/or 
enforcement actions, including in circumstances where the OCC determines that the Bank is not 
making sufficient and sustainable progress towards achieving compliance with this Order. Such 
actions could include issuing a cease and desist order pursuant to 12 U.S.C. § 1818(b)(6) that 
imposes additional business restrictions, including possible limitations on the declaration or 
payment of dividends, and/or requires the Bank to make changes to its senior executive officers 
or any and/or all members of the Board. Moreover, nothing in this Order, however, shall prevent 
the OCC from: 
(a) instituting enforcement actions other than a cease and desist order against 
    the Bank based on the Comptroller’s Findings set forth in Article II of this 
    Order; 
(b) instituting enforcement actions against the Bank based on any other 
findings; 
(d) instituting enforcement actions against institution-affiliated parties (as 
defined by 12 U.S.C. § 1813(u)) based on the Comptroller’s Findings set 
forth in Article II of this Order, or any other findings; or 
(e) utilizing the Comptroller’s Findings set forth in Article II of this Order in 
33 
 
future enforcement actions against the Bank or its institution-affiliated 
parties to establish a pattern or the continuation of a pattern. 
(2) Nothing in this Order is a release, discharge, compromise, settlement, dismissal,  
or resolution of any actions, or in any way affects any actions that may be or have been brought 
by any other representative of the United States or an agency thereof, including, without 
limitation, the United States Department of Justice. 
(3) This Order is: 
(a) a “cease-and-desist order issued upon consent” within the meaning of  
12 U.S.C. § 1818(b); 
(b) a “cease-and-desist order which has become final” within the meaning of 
  12 U.S.C. § 1818(e); 
(c) an “order issued with the consent of the depository institution” within the 
  meaning of 12 U.S.C. § 1818(h)(2); 
(d) an “effective and outstanding . . . order” within the meaning of 12 U.S.C. 
 § 1818(i); and 
(e) a “final order” within the meaning of 12 U.S.C. § 1818(i)(2) and (u). 
(4) This Order is effective upon its issuance by the OCC, through the Comptroller’s 
duly authorized representative. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all references to 
“days” in this Order shall mean calendar days, and the computation of any period of time 
imposed by this Order shall not include the date of the act or event that commences the period of 
time. The provisions of this Order shall remain effective except to the extent that, and until such 
time as, such provisions are amended, suspended, waived, or terminated in writing by the OCC, 
through the Comptroller’s duly authorized representative. If the Bank seeks an extension, 
34 
 
amendment, suspension, waiver, or termination of any provision of this Order, or within any plan 
or program submitted pursuant to this Order, the Board or Board-designee shall submit a written 
request to the Deputy Comptroller asking for relief. Any request submitted pursuant to this 
paragraph shall include a statement setting forth in detail the special circumstances that prevent 
the Bank from complying with the relevant provision(s) of the Order or plan or program 
submitted pursuant to this Order, and shall be accompanied by relevant supporting 
documentation. The OCC’s decision concerning a request submitted pursuant to this paragraph, 
which will be communicated to the Board in writing, is final and not subject to further review. 
(5) The Bank will not be deemed to be in compliance with this Order until it has 
adopted, implemented, and adhered to all of the corrective actions set forth in each Article of this 
Order; the corrective actions are effective in addressing the Bank’s deficiencies; and the OCC 
has verified and validated the corrective actions. An assessment of the effectiveness of the 
corrective actions requires sufficient passage of time for the Bank to demonstrate the sustained 
effectiveness of the corrective actions. 
(6) This Order is not a contract binding on the United States, the United States 
Treasury Department, the OCC, or any officer, employee, or agent of the OCC and neither the 
Bank nor the OCC intends this Order to be a contract. 
(7) Each citation, guidance, or issuance referenced in this Order includes any 
subsequent citation, guidance, or issuance that replaces, supersedes, amends, or revises the 
referenced cited citation, guidance, or issuance. 
(8) No separate promise or inducement of any kind has been made by the OCC, or by 
its officers, employees, or agents, to cause or induce the Bank to consent to the issuance of this 
Order. 
35 
 
(9) All reports, plans, or programs submitted to the OCC pursuant to this Order shall 
be forwarded, by overnight mail or via email, to the following: 
   Greg Sullivan 
Examiner-in-Charge 
   Citibank, N.A. 
   388 Greenwich St, Floor 20 
   New York, NY 10013 
 
or such other individuals or addresses as directed by the OCC. 
 
(10) The terms of this Order, including this paragraph, are not subject to amendment or 
modification by an extraneous expression, prior agreements, or prior arrangements between the 
parties, whether oral or written. 
 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, the undersigned, authorized by the Comptroller as his duly 
authorized representative, has hereunto set his signature on behalf of the Comptroller. 
 
 //s// Digitally Signed, Dated: 2020.10.07 
Greg J. Coleman 
Deputy Comptroller 
Large Bank Supervision 
 
  
36 
 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, the undersigned, as the duly elected and acting Board of  
 
Directors of Citibank, N.A. have hereunto set their signatures on behalf of the Bank.  
 
  /s/          October 2, 2020  
 
Barbara J. Desoer (Chair) 
/s/  
 Date 
October 2, 2020 
Michael L. Corbat 
/s/  
 Date 
October 2, 2020 
Ellen M. Costello 
/s/  
 Date 
October 2, 2020 
Duncan P. Hennes 
/s/  
 Date 
October 2, 2020 
S. Leslie Ireland 
/s/  
 Date 
October 2, 2020 
James S. Turley 
/s/  
 Date 
October 2, 2020 
 Deborah C. Wright   Date 
    