8-K 1 d455512d8k.htm 8-K 8-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): July 16, 2018

[TABLE]
Commission File Number:
 333-141703-02;
 333-167413;
 333-191359;
 333-205455-01 |  | Commission File Number:
 333-141703;
 333-167413-02;
 333-191359-02;
 333-205455-02;
 000-23108 |  | Commission File Number:
 333-205455 |  | Commission File Number:
 333-141703-01;
 333-167413-01;
 333-191359-01;
 033-54804
DISCOVER CARD
 EXECUTION NOTE TRUST |  | DISCOVER CARD
 MASTER TRUST I |  | DISCOVER FUNDING
 LLC |  | DISCOVER BANK
(Exact name of issuing entity
 in respect of the notes as
specified in charter) |  | (Exact name of issuing entity in
 respect of the Series 2007-CC
 Collateral Certificate) |  | (Exact name of depositor as
 specified in charter) |  | (Exact name of sponsor as
 specified in charter)
Delaware |  | Delaware |  | Delaware |  | Delaware
(State or jurisdiction of
 incorporation or organization
 of the issuing entity) |  | (State or jurisdiction of
 incorporation or organization
 of the issuing entity) |  | (State or jurisdiction of
 incorporation or organization
 of the depositor) |  | (State or jurisdiction of
 incorporation or organization
 of the sponsor)
c/o Wilmington Trust Company
 Rodney Square North 1100
North Market Street Wilmington, Delaware
 19890-0001 |  | c/o Discover Bank
 12 Read’s Way New
Castle, Delaware 19720 |  | Discover Funding LLC
 12 Read’s Way New
Castle, Delaware 19720 |  | Discover Bank
 12 Read’s Way New
Castle, Delaware 19720
(Address of principal
 executive offices of the
 issuing entity) |  | (Address of principal
 executive offices of the
 issuing entity) |  | (Address of principal
 executive offices of the
 depositor) |  | (Address of principal
 executive offices of the
 sponsor)
[/TABLE]

51-0020270

(IRS Employer Identification No. of the sponsor and depositor)

47-4047337

(IRS Employer Identification No. of the depositor)

(302) 323-7315

(Telephone, including area code)

Former name or former address, if changed since last report: Not Applicable

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of
the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
 240.14d-2(b))

☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange
Act. ☐

Item 1.01. | Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement

On July 16, 2018 Discover Products
Inc. and Discover Bank entered into the First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Services Addendum. A copy of the First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Services Addendum is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. | Exhibits

[TABLE]
Exhibit No. |  | Description
Exhibit 99.1 |  | First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Services Addendum, dated July 16, 2018, between Discover Products Inc. and Discover Bank
[/TABLE]

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Date: July 16, 2018

[TABLE]
Discover Funding LLC
 (as Depositor for Discover Card Master Trust I and Discover Card Execution Note Trust and as registrant under Commission File Number 333-205455)
By: |  | /s/ Michael D. Ebner
 |  | Michael D. Ebner
 |  | Assistant Secretary
[/TABLE]

[TABLE]
Discover Bank
 (as registrant under Commission File Numbers 333-141703-01,
 333-167413-01 and 333-191359-01)
By: |  | /s/ Michael D. Ebner
 |  | Michael D. Ebner
 |  | Assistant Secretary
[/TABLE]


=== EXHIBIT d455512dex991.htm ===

EX-99.1 2 d455512dex991.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1
Exhibit 99.1

FIRST AMENDMENT

TO
THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED SERVICES ADDENDUM

THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED SERVICES ADDENDUM
(“ Amendment ”) is entered into as of July 16, 2018 by and among Discover Products Inc. (“DPI”) and Discover Bank (“DB”).

WHEREAS, DPI and DB entered into the Third Amended and Restated Services Addendum dated as of January 1, 2015 (the “Services
Addendum”).

WHEREAS, DPI and DB desire to amend the Services Addendum as set forth in this Amendment.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and for other good and valuable consideration, both the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree to amend the Services Addendum as follows:

1. Schedule 2 of the Services Addendum
is replaced in its entirety with Schedule 2 attached to this Amendment.

2. Schedule 3 of the Services Addendum is replaced in its entirety
with Schedule 3 attached to this Amendment.

3. Schedule 4 of the Services Addendum is replaced in its entirety with Schedule 4 attached to
this Amendment.

4. Capitalized terms not herein defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Agreement.

5. Except as described herein, the Services Addendum shall remain in full force and effect.

Signature Page Follows

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first written
above.

[TABLE]
DISCOVER PRODUCTS INC.
By: |  | /s/ Roger C. Hochschild
 |  | Name: Roger C. Hochschild
 |  | Title: President
[/TABLE]

[TABLE]
DISCOVER BANK
By: |  | /s/ James J. Roszkowski
 |  | Name: James J. Roszkowski
 |  | Title: President
[/TABLE]

SCHEDULE 2

Description of Services to be provided by the Corporate Finance Department

Controller/Accounting

The Controller’s group is
responsible for providing timely and accurate financial information in a disciplined manner. Services provided by this group include: (i) Corporate Tax, (ii) Accounting Services, Risk & Controls, (iii) Accounts Payable,
(iv) External Reporting and Technical Accounting, and (v) Field Finance.

Corporate Treasury

The Corporate Treasury Group within the Company is responsible for funding, capital, and cash management for all business lines and entities. Treasury services
include the following groups: (i) Capital Markets, (ii) Cash Management, (iii) Capital Management, (iv) Liquidity Risk Management, (v) Market Risk Management, (vi) Investments and Derivatives, and (vii) Funding
Planning.

Investor Relations

The key
responsibilities of the Investor Relations group include building a long-term, stable investor base; coordinating formal investor communications; responding to ad-hoc investor information requests; and
providing information and support to coverage analysts. Investor Relations coordinates with Corporate Communications, External Reporting, and the Law Department to ensure consistent messaging as well as compliance with disclosure regulations.
Investor Relations also coordinates with various business functions to ensure a proper understanding of key business drivers and metrics.

Line of
Business Finance

The Line of Business Finance Group delivers strategic decision support to Discover’s business units by budgeting and
forecasting, reviewing actual performance against budgets and forecasts, and providing detailed financial analysis for critical business decisions, including potential new products or acquisitions. LOB Finance is organized along business lines, with
teams assigned to each area of the business. LOB Finance also includes the overall Corporate Planning team.

The Vice President of LOB Finance also
oversees the following services: Corporate Planning, Procurement and Facilities. The Facilities Department is responsible for the day-to-day operations required to
maintain all of the furniture, buildings, and land that is owned or leased by Discover. Facilities ensures that the physical assets used by Discover employees are safe, reliable, functionally sound, and cost effective in order to provide a
productive work environment for employees and visitors.

Finance Risk and Regulatory Programs

The Finance Risk and Regulatory Programs group includes Financial Modeling, Capital Management/CCAR and Resolution Planning. The Capital Management team
oversees enterprise-wide activities associated with Discover’s Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review processes to ensure that there are robust, forward-looking capital planning processes that account for applicable risks and sufficient
capital to continue operations throughout times of economic and financial stress in accordance with the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act. This includes the production and annual capital plans and required stress testing activities. The Resolution
Planning PMO ensures that Discover Bank has an effective resolution plan detailing the strategy for rapid and orderly resolution under the FDIA in the event of material financial distress or failure of the Bank as required under the Dodd-Frank Act
and related implementing regulations.

Strategy & Development

Strategy & Development is a centralized corporate functional group responsible for the management of corporate development activities, including
establishing an approach to potential merger and acquisition (M&A) transactions; identifying and evaluating M&A opportunities; managing relationships with investment banks; and coordinating valuation, negotiation, and diligence activities,
as needed.

4

SCHEDULE 3

Description of Services to be provided by the Law Department

The Law Department provides legal related services in support of the Company’s operations and lines of business. To perform these services, Law is
broadly organized into the following teams: (i) Regulatory, Corporate and Enterprise Risk; (ii) Enterprise Contract Solutions; (iii) Public Company; (iv) Direct Banking Products; (v) Center of Excellence,
(vi) Litigation; (vii) Security, Payments Intellectual Property and Employment Practice Unit; (viii) Government Relations; and (ix) Risk and Operations. The department is led by the General Counsel and Secretary, who reports to
the Company’s CEO. This Schedule describes services provided by the Law Department to the Company on an enterprise-wide basis, some of which may not be provided directly to the Receiving Party.

Regulatory, Corporate and Enterprise Risk

Regulatory,
Corporate and Enterprise Risk provides legal advice and analysis with respect to corporate and regulatory matters affecting Discover Financial Services, as a public company and a bank holding company, and Discover Bank as an insured depository
institution.

Bank Regulatory

The Bank Regulatory group
provides advice and analysis regarding prudential bank and bank holding company laws and regulations and supports board governance from a regulatory perspective. The laws and regulations that Bank Regulatory Advisory covers are enterprise wide. Bank
Regulatory Advisory advises on a broad array of legal rules and regulations, including Regulation W, Regulation Y, CCAR, BSA/AML/OFAC, FCPA/Anti-Bribery, Community Reinvestment Act, liquidity and counterparty credit.

The Bank Regulatory Group includes the Regulatory Relations group, which acts as the primary liaison between the Company and the various regulatory agencies.
Regulatory Relations takes a leadership role in developing and implementing strategies regarding regulatory affairs, coordinates regulatory examinations across the enterprise and facilitates timely interactions with the agencies related to various
company initiatives and maintains positive regulatory relations.

Corporate

The Corporate practice supports the Finance and Treasury Departments on transactional and regulatory matters including capital markets transactions,
securitizations, capital and liquidity matters and resolution planning. The Corporate group also manages corporate governance related matters for all of the Company’s subsidiaries.

Enterprise Contracts Solutions

Enterprise Contracts
Solutions (ECS) works with the business units and coverage attorney to negotiate and document the legal and business terms of the Company’s contracts for the purchase of goods and services. ECS provides a consultative approach during the
negotiation process, helping business units to understand terms, risks, and what items are important for the transaction. The Corporate Support team is part of ECS and provides legal advice with respect to business technology, facilities and certain
strategic Network matters. Corporate Support works closely with ECS to help DFS management maximize benefits and reduce risks surrounding third party engagements.

Public Company

Public Company provides advice and analysis regarding the responsibilities of Discover Financial Services as a public company listed on the New York Stock
Exchange and Discover’s executive compensation and employee benefits strategies. Public Company’s primary clients include Investor Relations, Corporate Communications and Human Resources. Public Company works closely with Finance –
Regulatory Reporting in preparation of the Company’s 10-K and 10-Q Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings. Public Company advises on a broad array of
legal rules and regulations, including: SEC ‘33 Act and ‘34 Act, Regulation FD and New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) listing standards, Executive Compensation and Employee Benefits and ERISA rules.

Direct Banking Products

Direct Banking Products provides
legal advice and analysis to the business teams throughout the Company that manage consumer banking products and operations across the entire life cycle of the products, from solicitation to recovery. Direct Banking Products includes the following
subgroups: (i) Card Marketing, (ii) Deposits, (iii) Collections, Operations and Risk, (iv) Discover Personal Loans/Discover Home Equity and (v) Discover Student Loans.

Direct Banking Products addresses a wide range of critical legal and regulatory issues affecting consumer banking products, including issues relating to
Truth in Lending, Truth in Savings, Electronic Funds Transfers, Funds Availability, Equal Credit Opportunity, RESPA, UDAAP, Fair Credit Reporting, loan and deposit servicing, tax reporting, debt collection practices, bankruptcy, and many other state
and federal laws. Direct Banking Products collaborates with the business teams and the Discover attorneys that support Card products and specialized legal issues such as privacy, SCRA, UDAAP, and fair lending. Direct Banking Products supports
business clients in Products Design, Marketing, Operations, Customer Service, Payment Processing, Credit Reporting, Credit Risk, Business Risk, Collections and Recovery.

Security, Payments, Intellectual Property and Employment Practice Group

Security and Payments

Security and Payments supports all
aspects of the Company’s Payment Services organization. The group supports the day-to-day worldwide operations of Card Network, PULSE and Diners Club International,
including acceptance and issuance activities and strategic alliances. This group supports strategic alliance initiatives such as “net-to-net” arrangements, B2B
initiatives, other global business development initiatives and emerging payment products projects. Security and Payments advises on contracts, deal structuring governance and legislative and regulatory matters that affect its Payment Services
clients, and serves on enterprise, network and industry committees.

Employment

Employment provides legal counsel and support in order to ensure compliance with all federal, state and local laws that govern how employers treat their
employees. The group partners with Human Resources to address and resolve employee related matters in an effort to limit and prevent legal liability and to ensure that employees are treated fairly and consistently.

The general responsibilities of Employment include (i) providing legal advice and counsel on all employment issues, (ii) advising on new business
initiatives and strategic business plans affecting employees; (iii) preparing and delivering training to Human Resources and business managers on Company policies and legal updates; (iv) managing internal investigations regarding alleged
discrimination, retaliation, harassment and misconduct; (v) representing the Company in matters before

6

various governmental fair employment practices agencies; and (vi) managing outside counsel through all phases of employment related litigation to achieve cost-effective resolutions.

Intellectual Property

The Intellectual Property Team registers,
maintains and protects the intellectual property of the Company. In addition, the team creates policies and procedures and counsels to protect and enhance these important assets and to avoid infringement of other company’s intellectual
property.

Litigation

Litigation manages the
Company’s litigation and regulatory risk through the resolution of legal matters involving the Company. The team supervises outside counsel and in-house paralegals in the development and execution of
litigation strategy, including fact investigation, discovery, motion practice, settlement negotiations and trial. The team is also responsible for conducting internal investigations, responding to regulatory investigations, and fulfilling
third-party discovery requests. Litigation works collaboratively with Law Department coverage attorneys, compliance professionals, and business partners to identify, mitigate, and, where possible, eliminate the Company’s litigation and
regulatory risk.

Government Relations

Government
Relations advises the Company on state and federal legislation and regulatory matters and advances the Company’s interests with elected officials and regulators. This group’s activities include direct interaction with elected
officials and their staff; analysis of, and formal responses to, legislative/regulatory proposals; preparation of Company advocacy materials; participation in trade association and other industry legislative/regulatory initiatives; and management of
the Company’s political action committee.

Risk and Operations

Legal Risk and Operations oversees the legal and regulatory change management program, serves as the Risk Office, and manages the day-to-day operations activities for the Law Department.

Risk

Legal Risk promotes a risk aware culture that proactively seeks to mitigate risk where appropriate. Legal Risk works in conjunction with members of the Law
Department, Corporate Risk Management, Corporate Compliance and business units to implement a legal risk framework that safeguards the Company. Legal Risk serves as Law’s Risk Office and adheres to corporate policy, standards, risk architecture
and requirements. Responsibilities include: managing and promoting the consistent application of legal and regulatory requirements; ensuring sustainable compliance with risk activities; and ensuring that the Law Department identifies, documents,
monitors, tests and reports on department process and control effectiveness.

Operations

Operations strives to drive efficiencies and reduce expenses. Law Operation’s responsibilities include: Law’s financial planning, forecasting and
reporting; Outside Counsel program, including the Preferred Provider Program; vendor relationships, memberships, and subscriptions; on/off-boarding resources; occupancy planning; and communication.

7

Enterprise Legal Solutions

The Enterprise Legal Solutions group strives to optimize legal risk management by providing subject matter legal expertise and substantive awareness for the
Law Department, Corporate Risk Management and the Company’s businesses with respect to enterprise-wide legal issues related to fair lending, privacy, unfair deceptive or abusive acts or practices (UDAAP), Servicemember’s Civil Relief Act
(SCRA) and complaints. Enterprise Legal Solutions serves as “go to” legal subject matter experts for enterprise-wide legal and regulatory issues related to fair lending, privacy, UDAAP, SCRA and complaints by (i) calibrating and
standardizing legal analysis for consistency and uniformity of legal advice, (ii) developing best practices for identifying, analyzing and mitigating legal risks, (iii) enhancing risk awareness, and (iv) leading legal initiatives, in
each case with respect to enterprise-wide legal issues related to fair lending, privacy, UDAAP, SCRA and complaints.

8

SCHEDULE 4

Description of Services to be provided by the Compliance Department

The Compliance Department establishes and maintains a firm-wide program to identify, assess, control, measure, monitor, and report legal and regulatory
compliance risks across the organization. Compliance provides independent oversight of Discover’s adherence to legal and regulatory requirements, assesses and opines on the adequacy and effectiveness of business processes and controls,
reports on the status of Discover’s compliance with laws and regulations, and tracks and reports to senior management on identified issues, including the adequacy and timeliness of corrective actions in response to identified issues. This
Schedule describes services provided by Compliance to the Company on an enterprise-wide basis, some of which may not be provided directly to the Receiving Party.

The Compliance Department performs these services through the following teams:

 | 1. | Compliance Program and Reporting Office. Provides a centralized program management services for key BSA/AML & Sanctions and Compliance initiatives. It also gathers necessary data and creates reports for senior
management committees, the Board and Board Committees.

 | a. | Compliance Program Office. Responsible for all Program Management activities for top strategic Compliance initiatives that support the enterprise. This includes project management and reporting for Anti-Money Laundering
(AML), Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) & Sanctions Programs and Compliance Program initiatives.

 | b. | Reporting. Responsible for reporting of program initiatives including Reporting, Key Risk Indicators (KRIs), and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), generating reports for Compliance and governing committees and
developing review and oversight of the KRI and KPI program and framework.

 | 2. | Compliance Services. Responsible for several compliance functions across the DFS enterprise including anti-bribery and ethics, business unit compliance advisory services, compliance training, compliance risk
assessments, regulatory change management and vendor management oversight.

 | a. | Business Compliance Services. Provides oversight and advice to business product-lines on mitigating regulatory compliance risks and operationalizing regulatory requirements by embedding a team of designated second-line
compliance advisors into day-to-day business operations.

 | b. | Compliance Vendor Management Oversight. Responsible for assessing and managing compliance risks, including legal, regulatory, and customer impact associated with the business relationship between Discover and
third-party service providers. Compliance VMO performs due diligence on the third-party service providers that is commensurate with the legal and regulatory compliance risk involved in the relationship being established. The team is committed to
ensuring that all third-party service providers have a sound compliance management system, including but not limited to, appropriate processes and controls are in place for legal and regulatory compliance.

 | c. | Enterprise Compliance Risk Assessment. Manages the sustainable, comprehensive, enterprise-wide regulatory compliance risk assessment*, which includes a process to dynamically assess regulatory risk as changes occur
within a business or business processes. ECRA provides the organization detailed inherent and residual risk information, that is then used to direct the proactive management of regulatory risk consistent with the size, scale and complexity of and
within the organization. *Consumer facing regulations, excluding BSA/AML (managed by AML); Privacy, UDAAP and Fair Lending (managed by ECP)

 | d. | Anti-Corruption & Ethics. Manages the Anti-Bribery program which helps implement the DFS Anti-Bribery Policy by preventing violations of the FCPA and UK Bribery Act laws, detect exceptions to the Policy, and
mitigate any concerns related to anti-bribery compliance. The DFS Anti-Bribery Program covers all activities, employees, and agents of DFS and its subsidiaries and affiliates. The primary goal of the DFS Anti-Bribery Program is not to engage in any
conduct that puts DFS at risk for anti-bribery violations.

 | 3. | Compliance Testing and Business Unit Testing and Monitoring. Compliance Testing plays a central role in identifying weaknesses in existing compliance risk management controls. BUTM establishes a framework and monitors
the minimum standards for the business units’ first line of defense responsibilities with respect to assessing and reporting regarding the adequacy of controls established to mitigate legal and regulatory risks.

 | 4. | Enterprise Compliance Programs. Implements enterprise wide programs to foster a culture of compliance within the Company, educate employees and assist in the enhancement and monitoring of controls to mitigate risks
associated with Privacy, UDAAP and Fair Lending laws, regulations and policies.

 | a. | Fair Lending Program. Develops and maintains enterprise-wide programs to help Discover comply with fair and responsible banking laws, regulations and regulatory guidance. Fair Lending ensures safeguards are in place so
that Discover’s lending is fair and customers have equal access to credit through the entire credit cycle.

 | b. | Privacy Program Officer. Ensures compliance with privacy and consumer contact laws, and that Discover “does the right thing” by treating consumer and employee personal information with integrity and respect.

 | c. | UDAAP Compliance Program. Designed to: (1) help educate employees, customers, management, and regulators about the Company’s UDAAP compliance practices, and (2) identify and help correct practices that
expose customers and the Company to UDAAP risk.

 | 5. | BSA/AML and Sanctions Compliance serves as the center of competency for BSA/AML and Sanctions matters by developing methods to identify and assess BSA/AML and Sanctions risk exposures and implement or support the
implementation of risk-mitigating solutions to enable business objectives.

 | a. | AML Operations and Analytics provides analytics and modeling to the Bank and Payments businesses. This group also
oversees the centralized Sanctions & List Screening program for the enterprise, which includes performing functions related to

10

 | sanctions management, list screening and related compliance activities. Also includes the Financial Crimes Detection Unit, the KYC operations and ongoing administration for AML systems.

 | b. | Discover Bank AML Program implements enterprise strategies within Bank specific standards and processes, and ensures appropriate preventative, detective and ongoing monitoring controls are in place to comply with
AML/BSA laws and regulations. Includes transaction and activity monitoring, customer diligence, investigations and reporting.

 | c. | Payment Services AML Program implements enterprise strategies within Payments Services specific standards and processes, and ensures appropriate preventative, detective and ongoing monitoring controls are in place to
comply with AML/BSA laws and regulations. Includes transaction and activity monitoring, partner diligence, investigations and reporting.

 | d. | The AML Shared Services Team provides shared services support for the Discover Bank and Payment Services AML and Sanctions programs with respect to (i) Risk Assessment, (ii) Policy and Procedure Administration
and (iii) Business Unit Testing and Monitoring.

11
