

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / BJs One Mastercard and BJs One+ Mastercard Card Agreement-360159.pdf ===

Credit Card Agreement for BJ’s One Mastercard® and BJ’s One+ Mastercard® 
in Capital One, N.A.
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending 
on the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. Not all offers will contain introductory rates. 
The Customer Agreement contains important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. 
Please visit www.capitalone.com
 to view our online credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log 
in to your account if you would like to request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s).
Annual Percentage Rate
Annual Percentage Rate
(APR) for Purchases 19.24% - 29.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Balance 
Transfers
19.24% - 29.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Cash Advances 31.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
Paying Interest Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest 
on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due date each 
month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and transfers on the transaction date.
For Credit Card Tips from
the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, 
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Fees
Annual Fee None.
Transaction Fees
• Balance Transfer 3% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR 
that we may offer you.
None for balances transferred at the Balance Transfer APR.
• Cash Advance Either $3 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Penalty Fees
• Late Payment Up to $40.
How Do 
You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See 
“How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below.
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in “Your Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD
How Do You Calculate My Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate
 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the 
Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your Billing Cycle which begins in January, April, July and 
October: Purchase APR: Prime plus 11.74% - 21.74%; Balance Transfer APR: Prime plus 11.74% - 21.74%; Cash Advance APR: 
Prime plus 21.74%. Any increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your Minimum Payment.
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Purchase APR is 
0.05271% and 0.08011%; Balance Transfer APR is 0.05271% and 0.08011%; and Cash Advance APR is 0.08559%. See the 
“How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section.
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each Credit Plan, we 1) take the beginning balance and add in 
new transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits 
for that Credit Plan as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each Credit Plan. However, if you paid your previous 
month’s nonpromotional purchases balance in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which 
post to your purchase or special purchase Credit Plans are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a 
grace period are not added to the daily balances.
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance we 1) add the daily balances together for each Credit Plan, and 2) divide the sum by 
the number of days in the Billing Cycle.
At the end of each Billing Cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for each Credit Plan and 2) multiply the result by the number of days in the billing 
period. We add the Interest Charges for all Credit Plans together. The result is your total Interest Charge for the Billing Cycle.
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, this calculation may vary from the interest charge actually assessed.
©2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at 
www.capitalone.com.
Capital One Customer Agreement
Welcome to Capital One
This Customer Agreement, including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”), contains the terms of your agreement with 
Capital One.
Definitions
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in the 
Glossary section at the end of this Agreement.
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant and co-
applicant for the Account; any person responsible for paying 
the Account; and any person responsible for complying 
with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and “Capital One” 
mean Capital One, National Association; and its agents, 
authorized representatives, successors, and assignees. 
Account Documents
The following documents govern your Account with us:
(1) this Agreement;
(2) all Statements;
(3) any privacy notices;
(4)  your Card benefits brochure which describes benefits 
provided by the Payment Card Network for your Account;
(5)  all disclosures and materials provided to you before or 
when you opened your Account
;
(6)  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and
(7)
  any future changes we make to any of the above.
Please read these carefully and keep them for 
 
future reference.
New Offers
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that we think 
may interest you. The terms of these offers may differ from the 
standard terms on your Account. This Agreement will still apply.
Account Information
We need information about you to manage your Account. 
This includes:
(1) your legal name;
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address  
(if different);
(3) your date of birth;
(4)  your Social Security number or other government 
identification number;
(5) 
 your telephone number(s); and
(6) your employment and income information.
You must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. We 
may restrict or close your 
Account if we cannot verify your 
information, or if you do not provide it as requested.
Credit Limits
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limits. These will also appear on your Statement. We 
may also refer to your credit limits as your credit lines. 
We may give you different credit limits for different types 
of transactions or for the different Credit Plans of your 
Account. For example, you may have different credit limits 
for purchases and Cash Advances.
You are responsible for keeping track of your Credit Plan 
balances and your available credit. You must manage your 
Account to remain below your credit limits. We may honor 
transactions above your credit limits, but if we do these 
transactions will not increase your credit limit. You are 
responsible for paying for any transaction you make above 
your credit limits.
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your 
credit limit on any Credit Plan at any time. This will not 
affect your obligation to pay us.
Using Your Account
(1)  This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card or Account. It will continue to apply even after your 
Account is closed, as long as you have a balance.
(2)  You must sign the Card
 immediately when you receive it.
(3)  You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to.
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card
, Access Checks  
and Account
.
(5) 
 We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. 
This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account is not in default.
(6)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we do 
not authorize a transaction.
(7) 
 We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason.
(8)  Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable Credit Plan of your 
Account
. We will apply it against your available credit for 
that Credit Plan.
(9)
  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any illegal 
activity
. Y
ou are responsible for any charges if you do.
(10)  We are not liable for any losses that may result when 
our services are unavailable due to reasons beyond 
our control.
(1
1)  Y
ou may use your Account for purchases anywhere 
Mastercard is accepted, and you may obtain Cash 
Advances and T
ransfers as permitted for your Account. 
You may not use these to pay any amount you owe us 
or any other company in the Capital One organization.
Rewards
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to earn 
rewards. If it does, information and terms about the rewards 
will be provided separately. 
Promotional Credit Plans
From time to time, we may offer one or more promotional 
Credit Plans prior to, or at the time of, your purchase. Only 
certain purchases may be eligible for promotional Credit 
Plans. These Credit Plans may have special repayment 
terms and are conditioned on your timely payment of at 
least the required payment amount each Billing Cycle.
1. Waived Interest Charge — With this offer there  
are no Interest Charges on your purchases for a 
specified period.
2. Reduced Rate — With this offer, you will receive 
a reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) on your 
purchase for a specified period.
Using a PIN
We may give you a personal identification number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card.
1
2
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it to anyone, 
or keep it with your Card. If you lose your Card or believe the 
confidentiality of your PIN has been compromised for any 
reason, you must contact Customer Service immediately. 
Authorized Users
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, they are 
an Authorized User. We may require certain information 
about them. We may limit their ability to use your Card. 
They may have access to certain information about your 
Account. You will be responsible for their use of the 
Account and anyone else they allow to use your Account, 
even if you did not want, or agree to, that use.
Removing an Authorized User
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. 
You will be responsible even if these amounts do not 
appear on your Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number.
Your Promise to Pay
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes.
Statements
We will generally send, or make available to you, one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of each 
Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law may not 
require us to send, or make available to you, a Statement, 
or may prohibit us from doing so.
Disputed Transactions
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us about 
any errors or questions you have, as described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify us of an error, we 
will assume that all information on the Statement is correct.
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also:
(1)  give us any information about the disputed transaction, 
if we ask;
(2)  not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the transaction 
amount from the merchant or any other person; and
(3) 
 help us get reimbursement from others.
No Warranties
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement.
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without 
your permission, you must contact Customer Service 
immediately. You will not be responsible for transactions on 
your Account that we find are unauthorized.
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you will 
help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement from 
the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us documents in a 
form that we request.
Interest Charges and Fees
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
on any unpaid amount from the date of the transaction, date 
the transaction is processed or the first day of the Billing 
Cycle. However, we will not charge you interest on any new 
transactions posted to the purchase Credit Plan of your 
Account if you pay your “New Balance” in full by the due 
date on your Statement each month. If you did not pay your 
“New Balance” in full when due for a Billing Cycle, interest 
will continue to accrue between the time that we calculate 
your “New Balance,” as reflected on your Statement, and 
when we receive your payment. This interest will post 
on your next Statement. That is why if you start accruing 
Interest Charges, you generally must pay your “New 
Balance” in full for two consecutive Billing Cycles before 
Interest Charges stop posting to your Statement. Please 
note, however, that Interest Charges will begin accruing 
immediately for any Cash Advances and other transactions 
that do not post to the purchase Credit Plan. 
From time to time, we may offer Transfers or promotional 
purchase financing that do allow you to pay less than 
the statement “New Balance” and still avoid interest on 
any new transactions that post to the standard purchase 
balance. However, in these cases you must pay in full 
transactions that are posted to the standard purchase 
balance and any Cash Advance balance or Balance 
Transfer balances, plus any minimum payment due 
appearing on your Statement. We may also display an 
interest saver payment amount on your statement, if 
applicable, for your convenience.
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to your 
Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures provide 
for them. We may increase your Interest Charges and Fees 
as described in the Changes to Your Agreement section 
or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
Late Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive your 
payment as instructed on your Statement by the payment 
due date.
Minimum Payment
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount by 
the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you:
(1) the minimum payment due,
(2) your new balance,
(3) the payment due date, and
3
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us for 
us to consider it received as of that date.
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce your 
Account balance, but they will not change your minimum 
payment amount. 
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay all or 
part of the total balance on your Account
. But, you must 
still pay at least the minimum payment amount each month, 
even if you paid more than the minimum payment due on 
the previous Statement. W
e will continue to charge Interest 
Charges during Billing Cycles when you carry a balance 
regardless of whether your Statement includes a minimum 
payment that is due. If your Account is 180 days past due, 
is part of a bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged 
off, the total balance is immediately due and payable.
Making Payments
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not make 
payments with funds from your Account or any other credit 
account with us or any other company in the Capital One 
organization. You must send mailed payments to us as 
instructed on your Statement, unless we tell you otherwise.
Other Payment Services
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services.
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects a 
payment made using our payment services.
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we 
may provide that person with limited Account information 
necessary to set up and process that payment. We may 
also refuse to accept that payment. If we do accept it, you 
will be responsible for that payment even if a financial 
institution rejects it.
Payment Processing
We may accept and process payments without losing any 
of our rights. We may delay the availability of credit until we 
confirm that your payment has cleared. This may happen 
even if we credit your payment to your Account. We may 
resubmit and collect returned payments electronically. If 
necessary, we may adjust your Account to correct errors, 
process returned and reversed payments, and handle 
similar issues.
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize us to 
make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your deposit 
account. You also authorize us to process the payment as an 
Item. We may withdraw the funds from your deposit account 
as early as the same day we receive your payment. You will 
not receive your Item back from your bank. We will provide 
additional information about this process on your Statement.
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended.
How We Apply Your Payments
Your Account may have Credit Plans with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). For example, purchases may 
have a lower APR than Cash Advances. If your Account 
has Credit Plan balances with different APRs, here is how 
we apply payments in a Billing Cycle:
(1)  We generally apply credits and payments up to your 
minimum payment first to the balance with the lowest 
APR, and then to balances with higher APRs.
(2) 
 We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest APR, 
and then to balances with lower APRs.
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions,  
or Instructions
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, conditions, 
limitations, or special instructions to:
Capital One  
P.O. Box 1330
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications.
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process it 
without losing any of our rights.
Credit Balances
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance.
Account Default
You will be in default if:
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due;
(2)  any payment you make is rejected, not paid or cannot 
be processed;
(3)
  you exceed a credit limit;
(4)
  you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding;
(5)
  you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity;
(6)
  we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us;
(7)
  you do not comply with any term of this 
Agreement or 
any other agreement with us; or
(8) you permanently reside outside the United States.
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account
. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice:
(1)  charge you Fees
, or change the APRs and Fees on 
your Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures;
(2) 
 close or suspend your Account;
(3) 
 lower your credit limit(s);
4
(4)  demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account;
(5) 
 continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or
(6)
  file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law
. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts.
Communications
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account.
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone number 
(including a mobile telephone number that you provide us), 
and use an automated telephone dialing system or similar 
device to do so. You agree that we may monitor or record 
any conversation or other communication with you.
Credit Reports
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, or 
other defaults on your Account may be reflected in your 
credit report. Information we provide may appear on your 
and the Authorized Users’ credit reports.
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate information 
about your Account to a credit bureau or other consumer 
reporting agency, notify us in writing at Capital One, P.O. 
Box 31293, Salt Lake City, UT 84131-1293. When you 
write, tell us the specific information that you believe is 
incorrect and why you believe it is incorrect.
We may obtain and use credit, income and other information 
about you from credit bureaus and others as the law allows.
Closing or Suspending Your Account
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close  
your Account.
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default.
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close or 
permanently suspend your Account, you must return or 
destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts you 
owe on the Account.
Changes to Your Agreement
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing so. 
We will give you notice of any changes as required by law. 
We may notify you of changes on your Statement or in a 
separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and how the 
changes will take effect. The notice will describe any rights 
you have in connection with the changes.
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as the 
index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase your APRs 
for any other reason, or if we change your Fees or other 
terms of your Account, we will notify you as required by law.
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part of 
this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts will 
remain in effect.
Waiver
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose not 
to take any action for any reason. We may waive our right 
without notifying you. For example, we may waive your 
Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and without 
losing our right to charge them in the future.
Assignment
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of your 
and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, assign 
or transfer your Account or this Agreement to someone else 
without our written permission.
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior notice 
to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our place under 
this Agreement. You must pay them and perform all of your 
obligations to them and not us. If you pay us after we notify 
you that we have transferred your Account or this Agreement, 
we can return the payment to you, forward the payment to the 
assignee, or handle it in another way that is reasonable.
Access Checks
We may provide you with Access Checks. If we do, we will 
tell you at the time if we consider them purchases, Cash 
Advances or Special Transfers.
Only the person we designate may use Access Checks. 
You may not use them to pay any amount you owe us or 
any other company in the Capital One organization. We 
may reject and not pay any Access Check if:
(1)  your Account is past due, charged off, bankrupt, lost/
stolen or closed;
(2)
 we suspect fraud;
(3) your Account is over the credit limit; or
(4)  the check has expired, is damaged or cannot otherwise 
be processed.
Our liability if we do not pay an Access Check
 will never be 
more than (1) your actual damages or (2) the amount of the 
Access Check, whichever is less.
Use of an 
Access Check is not the same as using your 
Card
. When you use an Access Check, you will have fewer 
rights to dispute merchant transactions than with uses 
of your Card. Please see the “Billing Rights Summary” 
on your Statement and your other Truth-in- Lending 
Disclosures for more information.
Stopping Payment of Access Checks
You may request a stop payment on any Access Check
by contacting Customer Service.
We will have a reasonable amount of time after your 
stop payment request to research and complete the stop 
payment. We will not be responsible if we cannot complete 
the stop payment. Reasons include:
(1) the Access Check was already paid;
(2) you do not give us the information we asked for; or
(3) the information you gave us was incorrect.
We do not have to release the stop payment order unless 
the account holder who made the request asks us to.
If we re-credit your Account after a valid stop payment 
order, you give us all of your rights against the payee or 
other holder of the paid Access Check. You also agree to 
help us in any legal action we may later take against the 
payee or other holder of the check.
Cash Advance Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you take out a 
Cash Advance. We will treat this Fee as a Cash Advance 
transaction.
Transfer Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you make a 
Transfer. We will charge the Fee to the same Credit Plan 
where we post the Transfer.
Transactions Made in Foreign Currencies
If you make a transaction in a foreign currency, the 
Payment Card Network will convert it into a U.S. dollar 
amount. The Payment Card Network will use its own 
currency conversion procedures. The conversion rate 
in effect on the processing date may differ from the rate 
in effect on the transaction date that appears on your 
Statement. We do not adjust the currency exchange rate or 
charge any currency conversion Fees.
Glossary
•  “Access Check” means any check we send to you to 
access credit from your Account. We may also refer to  
an 
Access Check as a “convenience check” or a 
“purchase check”.
• “Account” means your Card Account with us.
•  “Authorized User” means a person who may use  
the Card, but is not responsible for the repayment of  
the 
Account.
•  “Balance Transfer” means a Transfer posted to the 
purchase Credit Plan of your Account
 unless otherwise 
described in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
•  “Billing Cycle” means the period of time reflected 
on a Statement. 
This period may vary in length, but is 
approximately 30 days. 
You will have a Billing Cycle even if 
a Statement is not required. We will often specify a Billing 
Cycle by the month in which its closing date occurs. For 
example, a “March Billing Cycle” will have a closing date 
in March. We may also refer to a Billing Cycle as a “Billing 
Period”. If your Account balance has charged off, we may 
switch to quarterly Billing Cycles for your Account.
•  “Card” means any Capital One credit card associated 
with your Account. This includes all renewals and 
substitutions. It also means any other access device for 
your 
Account we give you that allows you to obtain credit, 
including any Account number.
•  “Cash Advance” means a loan in cash or things we 
consider cash equivalents, including wire transfers, 
travelers’ checks, money orders, foreign currency, 
lottery tickets, gaming chips, and wagers. We post 
Cash 
Advances to the Cash Advance Credit Plan of your 
Account and not to your purchase Credit Plan.
•  “Credit Plans” mean the different parts of your Account 
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, pricing, 
or other terms. These may be individual purchases, or 
they may be combined balance types such as Balance 
Transfers
 and Cash Advances which are under the same 
terms. 
The sum of your Credit Plan balances equals your 
total Account balance.
•  “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not 
based on the Annual Percentage Rates.
• 
 “Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account 
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates.
• 
 “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other 
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account. This 
includes any image of these instruments. This does not 
include an Access Check.
•
  “Payment Card Network” means the network 
provider displayed on your Card. This may be Visa Inc., 
Mastercard International Incorporated, or any other 
network provider
.
•  “Special Transfer” means a Transfer posted to a Credit 
Plan of your Account that is not a purchase or 
Cash 
Advance Credit Plan. 
•  “Statement” means a document showing important 
Account information, including all transactions billed to 
your Account during a 
Billing Cycle and information about 
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement 
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”.
•  “Transfers” means amounts transferred from other 
accounts to this Account and includes Balance Transfers
 
and Special Transfers.
•  “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that 
the federal Truth in Lending 
Act and Regulation Z require for 
any Account. This includes your application and solicitation 
disclosures, Account opening disclosures, subsequent 
disclosures, Statements, and change in terms notices.
5
© 2022 Capital One
Capital One is a federally registered service mark.
 
All rights reserved.
BR418244      M-135469 COF Customer Agreement 466

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Capital One - Credit Card Agreement for Visa Signature and World Mastercard Cards-255666.pdf ===

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit Card Agreement for VISA Signature® and World Mastercard® in Capital One, N.A. 
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer
 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending on 
the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. Not all offers will contain introductory rates. The 
Customer Agreement contains important information related to Visa Signature and World Mastercard consumer credit cards 
issued by Capital One, N.A. Please visit www.capitalone.com to 
view our online credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One 
cardholder, please log in to your account if you would like to request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s). 
CAPITAL
 ONE PRICING INFORMATION 
Annual Percentage Rate
(APR) for Purchases 
Introductory rate of 0%, ranging from 9 months to 18 months.
Non-introductory rates between 18.99% and 29.74%.
This 
APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
APR for Transfers Introductory rate of 0% for 15 months. 
Non-introductory rates between 18.99% and 29.74%. 
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
APR for Cash Advances Non-introductory rates between 18.99% and 29.74%. 
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
Paying Interest Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest 
on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due date each 
month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and transfers on the transaction date. 
For Credit Card Tips from
the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau 
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, 
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at 
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. 
Annual Fee Between $0 and $395 annually. 
Transaction Fees 
• Transfer 3% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR 
that we may offer you. 
None for balances transferred at the Transfer APR. 
• Cash Advance Either $3 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. 
Penalty Fees 
• Late Payment Up to 
$40. 
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See “How  
Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below. 
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in “Y
our Billing Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD 
How Do You Calculate My V
ariable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates on the following segment(s) will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your January, April, July and 
October billing periods: Non-Introductory Purchase 
APR: Prime plus a margin between 11.49% and 22.24%; Non-Introductory 
Transfer APR: Prime plus a margin between 11.49% and 22.24%; Cash Advance APR: Prime plus a margin between 11.49% 
and 22.24%. Any increase in the Prime rate may increase your Interest Charges and your Minimum Payment. 
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Introductory Purchase 
APR is 0.00000%, Non-introductory Purchase APR is between 0.05203% and 0.08148%, Introductory Transfer APR is 
0.00000%, Non-introductory Transfer APR is between 0.05203% and 0.08148%, and Cash Advance 
APR is between 
0.05203% and 0.08148%. See “How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below. 
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each segment, 1) take the beginning balance and add in new 
transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits for that 
segment as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each segment. However, if you paid your previous month’s balance in  
full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which post to your purchase or special purchase segments  
are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a grace period are not added to the daily balances. 
 
 
 
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance: 1) add the daily balances together for each segment, and 2) divide the sum by the 
number of days in the billing cycle. 
At the end of each billing cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the daily 
periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for that segment, and 2) multiply the result by the number of days in the billing period. 
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, this calculation may vary from the interest charge actually assessed. 
©2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services of
 fered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www.capitalone.com.
Mastercard is a registered trademark, and the circles design is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated.
 
VISA is a registered trademark of VISA International Service Association and used under license. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Capital One® Customer Agreement 
Welcome to Capital One 
Thank you for opening a credit card account with us. 
This Customer Agreement including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”) contains the terms of your agreement 
with Capital One. 
Definitions 
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in 
the Glossary section at the end of this Agreement. 
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant 
and co-applicant for the Account; any person 
responsible for paying the Account; and any person 
responsible for complying with this Agreement. 
“We,” “us,” “our,” and “Capital One” mean Capital 
One, National Association; and its agents, authorized 
representatives, successors, and assignees. 
Account Documents 
The following documents govern your Account with us: 
(1) this Agreement; 
(2) all Statements; 
(3) any rewards program terms, conditions, and 
disclosures; 
(4) any privacy notices; 
(5) your Card benefits brochure which describes 
benefits provided by the Payment Card Network for 
your Account; 
(6) all disclosures and materials provided to you before 
or when you opened your Account; 
(7) any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and 
(8) any future changes we make to any of the above. 
Please read these carefully and keep them for 
future reference. 
New Offers 
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that 
we think may interest you. The terms of these offers may 
differ from the standard terms on your Account. This 
Agreement will still apply. 
Account Information 
We need information about you to manage your 
Account. This includes: 
(1) your legal name; 
(2) a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address 
(if different); 
(3) your date of birth; 
(4) your Social Security number or other government 
identification number; 
(5) your telephone number(s); and 
(6) your employment and income information. 
You must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. 
We may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify 
your information, or if you do not provide it as requested. 
Your Revolving Credit Line and Spending 
We will tell you your initial revolving credit line when you 
open your Account. We may increase or decrease your 
revolving credit line at any time without prior notice to 
you, unless notice is required by law, and we may limit 
or take away the credit available for Cash Advances. 
You can find your current revolving credit line on 
your Statement. We may not authorize transactions in 
excess of your revolving credit line. We may consider 
each transaction that may cause you to exceed your 
revolving credit line based on several factors, including 
your performance on this Account and other credit 
accounts you have with us and your performance with 
other creditors. If we do authorize transactions in excess 
of your revolving credit line, they will be subject to this 
Agreement. They will not result in an increase of your 
revolving credit line. 
Using Your Account 
(1) This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card or Account. It will continue to apply even after 
your Account is closed, as long as you have a balance. 
(2) You must sign the Card immediately when you receive it. 
(3) You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to. 
(4) You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card, Access Checks and 
Account. 
(5) We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your revolving credit line or 
your Account is not in default. 
(6) We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we 
do not authorize a transaction. 
(7) We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason. 
(8) Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable Segment of your 
Account. We will apply it against your available credit 
for that Segment. 
(9) You may obtain Cash Advances and Transfers as 
permitted for your Account. You may not use these to 
pay any amount you owe us or any other company in 
the Capital One organization. 
(10) You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any illegal 
activity. You are responsible for any charges if you do. 
(11) We are not liable for any losses that may result 
when our services are unavailable due to reasons 
beyond our control. 
Rewards 
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to 
earn rewards. If it does, we will separately provide you 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
with information and terms about the rewards. 
Access Checks 
We may provide you with Access Checks. If we do, we 
will tell you at the time if we consider them purchases, 
Cash Advances or Special Transfers. 
Only the person we designate may use Access Checks. 
You may not use them to pay any amount you owe us or 
any other company in the Capital One organization. We 
may reject and not pay any Access Check if: 
(1) your Account is past due, charged off, bankrupt, lost/ 
stolen or closed; 
(2) we suspect fraud; 
(3) your Account is over the revolving credit line; or 
(4) the check has expired, is damaged or cannot 
otherwise be processed. 
Our liability if we do not pay an Access Check will never 
be more than 
(1) your actual damages or (2) the amount 
of the Access Check, whichever is less. 
Use of an Access Check is not the same as using your 
Card. When you use an Access Check, you will have 
fewer rights to dispute merchant transactions than 
with uses of your Card. Please see the “Billing Rights 
Summary” on your Statement and your other Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures for more information. 
Stopping Payment of Access Checks 
You may request a stop payment on any Access Check 
by contacting Customer Service. 
We will have a reasonable amount of time after your 
stop payment request to research and complete the 
stop payment. We will not be responsible if we cannot 
complete the stop payment. Reasons include: 
(1) the Access Check was already paid; 
(2) you do not give us the information we asked for; or 
(3) the information you gave us was incorrect. 
We do not have to release the stop payment order unless 
the account holder who made the request asks us to. 
If we re-credit your Account after a valid stop payment 
order, you give us all of your rights against the payee or 
other holder of the paid Access Check. You also agree to 
help us in any legal action we may later take against the 
payee or other holder of the check. 
Using a PIN 
We may give you a personal identification number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card. 
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it 
to anyone, or keep it with your Card. If you lose your 
Card or believe the confidentiality of your PIN has 
been compromised for any reason, you must contact 
Customer Service immediately. 
Authorized Users 
2 
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, 
they are an Authorized User. We may require certain 
information about them. We may limit their ability to use 
your Card. They may have access to certain information 
about your Account. You will be responsible for their use 
of the Account and anyone else they allow to use your 
Account, even if you did not want, or agree to, that use. 
Removing an Authorized User 
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. You 
will be responsible even if these amounts do not appear on 
your Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number. 
Your Promise to Pay 
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes. 
Statements 
We will generally send or make available to you one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of 
each Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law 
may not require us to send or make available to you a 
Statement, or may prohibit us from doing so. 
Disputed Transactions 
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and 
other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify 
us of an error, we will assume that all information on the 
Statement is correct. 
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also: 
(1) give us any information about the disputed 
transaction, if we ask; 
(2) not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the 
transaction amount from the merchant or any other 
person; and 
(3) help us get reimbursement from others. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
No Warranties 
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement. 
Lost or Stolen Card 
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without your 
permission, you must contact Customer Service immediately. 
You will not be responsible for transactions on your Account 
that we find are unauthorized. 
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you 
will help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement 
from the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us 
documents in a form that we request. 
Interest Charges and Fees 
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your 
Account as disclosed on your Statement and other 
Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. In general, Interest 
Charges begin to accrue from the day a transaction 
occurs. However, we will not charge you interest on 
any new transactions posted to the purchase Segment 
of your Account if you paid the total balance across all 
Segments of your Account in full by the due date on 
your Statement each month. From time to time, we may 
give you offers that allow you to pay less than the total 
balance and avoid Interest Charges on new purchase 
Segment transactions. If we do, we will provide details in 
the specific offer. 
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to 
your Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures 
provide for them. We may increase your Interest Charges 
and Fees as described in the Changes to Your Agreement 
section or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
Membership Fee 
If your Account has a membership Fee, we may charge 
the first membership Fee either on the day you activate 
your Card or on the day when you use your Account, 
whichever occurs first. If your Account terms include a 
$0 introductory Fee, we may charge the first Fee when 
the introductory period ends. If it is an annual Fee, we 
may then charge it approximately once per year. If it is a 
monthly Fee, we may charge it each Billing Cycle. 
Late Payment Fee 
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive 
your payment as instructed on your Statement by the 
payment due date. 
Returned Payment Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time your financial 
institution for any reason rejects a payment you make to us. 
3 
Stop Payment Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time you ask us to 
(1) stop payment on an Access Check or (2) renew an 
existing stop payment order. 
Cash Advance Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time you take out a 
Cash Advance. We will treat this Fee as a Cash Advance 
transaction. 
Transfer Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time you make a 
Transfer. We will charge the Fee to the same Segment 
where we post the Transfer. 
Transactions Made in Foreign Currencies 
If you make a transaction in a foreign currency, the 
Payment Card Network will convert it into a U.S. dollar 
amount. The Payment Card Network will use its own 
currency conversion procedures. The conversion rate 
in effect on the processing date may differ from the rate 
in effect on the transaction date that appears on your 
Statement. We do not adjust the currency exchange rate 
or charge any currency conversion Fees. 
Minimum Payment 
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount 
by the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you: 
(1) the minimum payment due, 
(2) your new balance, 
(3) the payment due date, and 
(4) an explanation of when the payment must reach us 
for us to consider it received as of that date. 
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce 
your Account balance, but they will not change your 
minimum payment amount. 
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay 
all or part of the total balance on your Account. But, 
you must still pay at least the minimum payment 
amount each month, even if you paid more than the 
minimum payment due on the previous Statement. We 
will continue to charge Interest Charges during Billing 
Cycles when you carry a balance regardless of whether 
your Statement includes a minimum payment that is 
due. If your Account is 180 days past due, is part of a 
bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged off, the 
total balance is immediately due and payable. 
Making Payments 
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not 
make payments with funds from your Account or any 
other credit account with us or any other company in 
the Capital One organization. You must send mailed 
payments to us as instructed on your Statement, unless 
we tell you otherwise. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
Other Payment Services 
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services. 
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects 
a payment made using our payment services. 
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, 
we may provide that person with limited Account 
information necessary to set up and process that 
payment. We may also refuse to accept that payment. If 
we do accept it, you will be responsible for that payment 
even if a financial institution rejects it. 
Payment Processing 
We may accept and process payments without losing 
any of our rights. We may delay the availability of 
credit until we confirm that your payment has cleared. 
This may happen even if we credit your payment to 
your Account. We may resubmit and collect returned 
payments electronically. If necessary, we may adjust 
your Account to correct errors, process returned and 
reversed payments, and handle similar issues. 
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize 
us to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from 
your deposit account. You also authorize us to process 
the payment as an Item. We may withdraw the funds 
from your deposit account as early as the same day 
we receive your payment. You will not receive your 
Item back from your bank. We will provide additional 
information about this process on your Statement. 
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended. 
How We Apply Your Payments 
Your Account may have Segments with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). For example, purchases may 
have a lower APR than Cash Advances. If your Account 
has Segment balances with different APRs, here is how 
we apply payments in a Billing Cycle: 
(1) We generally apply credits and payments up to 
your minimum payment first to the balance with the 
lowest APR, and then to balances with higher APRs. 
(2) We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest 
APR, and then to balances with lower APRs. 
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions, 
or Instructions 
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, 
conditions, limitations, or special instructions to: 
Capital One 
PO Box 1330  
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330 
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications. 
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process 
it without losing any of our rights. 
Credit Balances 
We may reject and return any payment that creates or 
adds to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit 
balance we allow will not be available until we confirm 
that your payment has cleared. We may reduce the 
amount of any credit balance by any new charges. You 
may write to the address provided on your Statement 
or call Customer Service to request a refund of any 
available credit balance. 
Account Default 
You will be in default if: 
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due; 
(2) any payment you make is rejected, not paid or 
cannot be processed; 
(3) you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding; 
(4) you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity; 
(5) we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us; 
(6) you do not comply with any term of this Agreement 
or any other agreement with us; or 
(7) you permanently reside outside the United States. 
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice: 
(1) charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on your 
Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures; 
(2) close or suspend your Account; 
(3) lower your revolving credit line; 
(4) demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account; 
(5) continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or 
(6) file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts. 
4 
 
 
 
 
  
Communications 
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account. 
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone 
number (including a mobile telephone number that 
you provide us), and use an automated telephone 
dialing system or similar device to do so. You agree that 
we may monitor or record any conversation or other 
communication with you. 
Credit Reports 
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, 
or other defaults on your Account may be reflected in 
your credit report. Information we provide may appear 
on your and the Authorized Users’ credit reports. 
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate 
information about your Account to a credit bureau or 
other consumer reporting agency, notify us in writing at 
PO Box 30281, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0281. When 
you write, tell us the specific information that you believe 
is incorrect and why you believe it is incorrect. 
We may obtain and use credit, income and other 
information about you from credit bureaus and others as 
the law allows. 
Closing or Suspending Your Account 
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close 
your Account. 
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default. 
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close 
or permanently suspend your Account, you must return 
or destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts 
you owe on the Account. 
Changes to Your Agreement 
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing 
so. We will give you notice of any changes as required 
by law. We may notify you of changes on your Statement 
or in a separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and 
how the changes will take effect. The notice will describe 
any rights you have in connection with the changes. 
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as 
the index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase 
your APRs for any other reason, or if we change your 
Fees or other terms of your Account, we will notify you 
as required by law. 
5 
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement 
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part 
of this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts 
will remain in effect. 
Waiver 
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose 
not to take any action for any reason. We may waive our 
right without notifying you. For example, we may waive 
your Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and 
without losing our right to charge them in the future. 
Assignment 
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of 
your and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, 
assign or transfer your Account or this Agreement to 
someone else without our written permission. 
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior 
notice to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our 
place under this Agreement. You must pay them and 
perform all of your obligations to them and not us. If you 
pay us after we notify you that we have transferred your 
Account or this Agreement, we can return the payment 
to you, forward the payment to the assignee, or handle it 
in another way that is reasonable. 
Glossary 
•“Access  Check” means any check we send to you to 
access credit from your Account. We may also refer 
to an Access Check as a “convenience check” or a 
“purchase check”. 
•“Account” means your Card Account with us. 
•“Authorized  User” means a person who may use the 
Card, but is not responsible for the repayment of the 
Account. 
•“Balance  Transfer” means a Transfer posted to the 
purchase Segment of your Account unless otherwise 
described in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
•“Billing  Cycle” means the period of time reflected on 
a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is 
approximately 30 days. You will have a Billing Cycle  
even if a Statement is not required. We will often 
specify a Billing Cycle by the month in which its closing 
date occurs. For example, a “March Billing Cycle” will 
have a closing date in March. We may also refer to 
a Billing Cycle as a “Billing Period”. If your Account  
balance has charged off, we may switch to quarterly 
Billing Cycles for your Account. 
•“Card”  means any Capital One credit card associated 
with your Account. This includes all renewals and 
substitutions. It also means any other access device 
for your Account we give you that allows you to obtain 
credit, including any Account number. 
  
    
   
   
• “Cash Advance” means a loan in cash or things we 
consider cash equivalents, including wire transfers, 
travelers’ checks, money orders, foreign currency
, 
lottery tickets, gaming chips, and wagers. We post 
Cash Advances to the Cash Advance Segment of your 
Account and not to your purchase Segment. 
• “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not 
based on the Annual Percentage Rates. 
•“Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account  
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates. 
• “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other 
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account
. 
This includes any image of these instruments. This 
does not include an Access Check. 
• “Payment Card Network” means the network provider 
displayed on your 
Card. This may be Visa Inc., 
MasterCard International Incorporated, or any other 
network provider. 
• “Segments” means the different parts of your Account  
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, 
pricing, or other terms. W
e create these parts of your 
Account for such things as your purchases, Balance 
Transfers, Cash Advances and Special Transfers. 
The sum of your Segment balances equals your total 
Account balance. 
• “Special Transfer” means a Transfer posted to a 
Segment
 of your Account that is not your purchase 
Segment or Cash Advance Segment. 
•“Statement” means a document showing important  
Account
 information, including all transactions billed to  
your Account during a Billing Cycle and information about  
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement  
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”. 
• “Transfers” means amounts transferred from other 
accounts to this 
Account and includes Balance 
Transfers and Special Transfers. 
•“Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that 
the federal T
ruth in Lending Act and Regulation Z 
require for any Account. This includes your application 
and solicitation disclosures, Account opening 
disclosures, subsequent disclosures, Statements, and 
change in terms notices. 
© 2014 Capital One 
Capital One is a federally registered service mark.  
All rights reserved. 
BR281646 M-112863 6 COF Customer Agreement 358 

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for Bass Pro Shops CLUB Cards.pdf-255664.pdf ===

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit Card Agreement for Bass Pro Shops CLUB Cards in Capital One, N.A. 
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending on 
the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. Not all offers will contain introductory rates. The 
Customer Agreement contains important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. Please 
visit www.capitalone.com to view our online credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log in to your 
account if you would like to request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s).
CAPIT
AL ONE PRICING INFORMA
TION 
Annual Percentage Rate
(APR) for Purchases at
Bass Pro Shops
and Cabela’s 
9.99%. 
APR for Other 
Purchases and 
Transfers 
19.49% - 31.24%. 
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
APR for Cash Advances 31.24%. 
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
Paying Interest Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you 
interest on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due
date each month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and transfers on the 
transaction date. 
For Credit Card Tips from
the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau 
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, 
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at 
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. 
Annual Fee None. 
Transaction Fees 
• Transfer 3% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR 
that we may offer you. 
None for balances transferred at the Transfer APR. 
• Cash Advance Either $3 or 
3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. 
Penalty Fees 
• Late Payment Up to $40. 
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See 
“How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below. 
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided
in “Your Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other 
Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW 
ABOUT THIS CARD 
How Do Y
ou Calculate My Variable Rates?  Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. V
ariable
rates on the following segment(s) will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your January, April, July and
October billing periods: Other Purchases and Transfer APR: Prime plus a margin between 11.99% and 23.74%; Cash Advance
APR: Prime plus 23.74%. Any increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your Minimum Payment. 
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Bass Pro Shops and
Cabela’s Purchases APR is 0.02737%, Other Purchases and 
Transfer APR between 0.0534% - 0.08559%
, and Cash Advance 
APR is 0.08559%. See “How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below. 
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge? W
e use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions).
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each segment, 1) take the beginning balance and add in new 
transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits for that 
segment as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each segment. However
, if you paid your previous month’s balance in
full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which post to your purchase or special purchase segments
are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a grace period are not added to the daily balances. 
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance: 
1) add the daily balances together for each segment, and 
2) divide the sum by the 
number of days in the billing cycle. 
At the end of each billing cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for that segment, and 2) multiply the result by the number of days in the billing period. 
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, this calculation may vary from the interest charge actually assessed. 
©2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www.capitalone.com. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Capital One® Customer Agreement 
Welcome to Capital One 
Thank you for opening a credit card account with us. 
This Customer Agreement including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”) contains the terms of your agreement 
with Capital One. 
Definitions 
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in 
the Glossary section at the end of this Agreement. 
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant 
and co-applicant for the Account; any person responsible 
for paying the Account; and any person responsible for 
complying with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and 
“Capital One” mean Capital One, National Association; 
and its agents, authorized representatives, successors, 
and assignees. 
Account Documents 
The following documents govern your Account with us: 
(1) this Agreement; 
(2) all Statements; 
(3) any rewards program terms, conditions, and 
disclosures; 
(4) any privacy notices; 
(5) your Card benefits brochure which describes 
benefits provided by the Payment Card Network for 
your Account; 
(6) all disclosures and materials provided to you before 
or when you opened your Account; 
(7) any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and 
(8) any future changes we make to any of the above. 
Please read these carefully and keep them for 
future reference. 
New Offers 
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that 
we think may interest you. The terms of these offers may 
differ from the standard terms on your Account. This 
Agreement will still apply. 
Account Information 
We need information about you to manage your 
Account. This includes: 
(1) your legal name; 
(2) a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address 
(if different); 
(3) your date of birth; 
(4) your Social Security number or other government 
identification number; 
(5) your telephone number(s); and 
(6) your employment and income information. 
You must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. 
1 
We may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify 
your information, or if you do not provide it as requested. 
Your Revolving Credit Line and Spending 
We will tell you your initial revolving credit line when you 
open your Account. We may increase or decrease your 
revolving credit line at any time without prior notice to 
you, unless notice is required by law, and we may limit 
or take away the credit available for Cash Advances. 
You can find your current revolving credit line on 
your Statement. We may not authorize transactions in 
excess of your revolving credit line. We may consider 
each transaction that may cause you to exceed your 
revolving credit line based on several factors, including 
your performance on this Account and other credit 
accounts you have with us and your performance with 
other creditors. If we do authorize transactions in excess 
of your revolving credit line, they will be subject to this 
Agreement. They will not result in an increase of your 
revolving credit line. 
Using Your Account 
(1) This Agreement applies whether or not you use 
your Card or Account. It will continue to apply even 
after your Account is closed, as long as you have a 
balance. 
(2) You must sign the Card immediately when you 
receive it. 
(3) You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to. 
(4) You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card, Access Checks and 
Account. 
(5) We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your revolving credit line or 
your Account is not in default. 
(6) We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we 
do not authorize a transaction. 
(7) We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason. 
(8) Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable Segment of your 
Account. We will apply it against your available credit 
for that Segment. 
(9) You may obtain Cash Advances and Transfers as 
permitted for your Account. You may not use these to 
pay any amount you owe us or any other company in 
the Capital One organization. 
(10) You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any 
illegal activity. You are responsible for any charges if 
you do. 
(11) We are not liable for any losses that may result 
when our services are unavailable due to reasons 
beyond our control. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rewards 
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to 
earn rewards. If it does, we will separately provide you 
with information and terms about the rewards. 
Access Checks 
We may provide you with Access Checks. If we do, we 
will tell you at the time if we consider them purchases, 
Cash Advances or Special Transfers. 
Only the person we designate may use Access Checks. 
You may not use them to pay any amount you owe us or 
any other company in the Capital One organization. We 
may reject and not pay any Access Check if: 
(1) your Account is past due, charged off, bankrupt, lost/ 
stolen or closed; 
(2) we suspect fraud; 
(3) your Account is over the revolving credit line; or 
(4) the check has expired, is damaged or cannot 
otherwise be processed. 
Our liability if we do not pay an Access Check will never 
be more than 
(1) your actual damages or (2) the amount 
of the Access Check, whichever is less. 
Use of an Access Check is not the same as using your 
Card. When you use an Access Check, you will have 
fewer rights to dispute merchant transactions than 
with uses of your Card. Please see the “
Billing Rights 
Summary” on your Statement and your other Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures for more information. 
Stopping Payment of Access Checks 
You may request a stop payment on any Access Check 
by contacting Customer Service. 
We will have a reasonable amount of time after your 
stop payment request to research and complete the 
stop payment. We will not be responsible if we cannot 
complete the stop payment. Reasons include: 
(1) the Access Check was already paid; 
(2) you do not give us the information we asked for; or 
(3) the information you gave us was incorrect. 
We do not have to release the stop payment order unless 
the account holder who made the request asks us to. 
If we re-credit your Account after a valid stop payment 
order, you give us all of your rights against the payee or 
other holder of the paid Access Check. You also agree to 
help us in any legal action we may later take against the 
payee or other holder of the check. 
Using a PIN 
We may give you a personal identification number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card. 
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it 
to anyone, or keep it with your Card. If you lose your 
Card or believe the confidentiality of your PIN has 
been compromised for any reason, you must contact 
Customer Service immediately. 
Authorized Users 
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, 
they are an Authorized User. We may require certain 
information about them. We may limit their ability to use 
your Card. They may have access to certain information 
about your Account. You will be responsible for their use 
of the Account and anyone else they allow to use your 
Account, even if you did not want, or agree to, that use. 
Removing an Authorized User 
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all 
Cards in their possession and cancel any arrangements 
they may have set up on your Account. They will be able 
to use your Account until you have notified us that you are 
removing them from your Account. During this time, you 
will still be responsible for all amounts they charge to your 
Account. You will be responsible even if these amounts do 
not appear on your Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number. 
Your Promise to Pay 
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes. 
Statements 
We will generally send or make available to you one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of 
each Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law 
may not require us to send or make available to you a 
Statement, or may prohibit us from doing so. 
Disputed Transactions 
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and 
other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify 
us of an error, we will assume that all information on the 
Statement is correct. 
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also: 
(1) give us any information about the disputed 
transaction, if we ask; 
2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(2) not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the 
transaction amount from the merchant or any other 
person; and 
(3) help us get reimbursement from others. 
No Warranties 
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement. 
Lost or Stolen Card 
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without your 
permission, you must contact Customer Service immediately. 
You will not be responsible for transactions on your Account 
that we find are unauthorized. 
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you 
will help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement 
from the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us 
documents in a form that we request. 
Interest Charges and Fees 
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin 
to accrue from the day a transaction occurs. However, 
we will not charge you interest on any new transactions 
posted to the purchase Segment of your Account if 
you paid the total balance across all Segments of your 
Account in full by the due date on your Statement each 
month. From time to time, we may give you offers that 
allow you to pay less than the total balance and avoid 
Interest Charges on new purchase Segment transactions. 
If we do, we will provide details in the specific offer. 
We will generally treat Fees as Other Purchases and 
Transfers transactions unless otherwise specified below. 
These Fees apply to your Account only if your Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures provide for them. We may increase 
your Interest Charges and Fees as described in the 
Changes to Your Agreement section or in your Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures. 
Membership Fee 
If your Account has a membership Fee, we may charge 
the first membership Fee either on the day you activate 
your Card or on the day when you use your Account, 
whichever occurs first. If your Account terms include a 
$0 introductory Fee, we may charge the first Fee when 
the introductory period ends. If it is an annual Fee, we 
may then charge it approximately once per year. If it is a 
monthly Fee, we may charge it each Billing Cycle. 
Late Payment Fee 
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive 
your payment as instructed on your Statement by the 
payment due date. 
Returned Payment Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time your financial 
institution for any reason rejects a payment you make to us. 
Stop Payment Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time you ask us to 
(1) stop payment on an Access Check or (2) renew an 
existing stop payment order. 
Cash Advance Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time you take out a 
Cash Advance. We will treat this Fee as a Cash Advance 
transaction. 
Transfer Fee 
3 
We may charge you this Fee each time you make a 
Transfer. We will charge the Fee to the same Segment 
where we post the Transfer. 
Transactions Made in Foreign Currencies 
If you make a transaction in a foreign currency, the 
Payment Card Network will convert it into a U.S. dollar 
amount. The Payment Card Network will use its own 
currency conversion procedures. The conversion rate 
in effect on the processing date may differ from the rate 
in effect on the transaction date that appears on your 
Statement. We do not adjust the currency exchange rate 
or charge any currency conversion Fees. 
Minimum Payment 
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount 
by the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you: 
(1) the minimum payment due, 
(2) your new balance, 
(3) the payment due date, and 
(4) an explanation of when the payment must reach us 
for us to consider it received as of that date. 
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce 
your Account balance, but they will not change your 
minimum payment amount. 
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay 
all or part of the total balance on your Account. But, 
you must still pay at least the minimum payment 
amount each month, even if you paid more than the 
minimum payment due on the previous Statement. We 
will continue to charge Interest Charges during Billing 
Cycles when you carry a balance regardless of whether 
your Statement includes a minimum payment that is 
due. If your Account is 180 days past due, is part of a 
bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged off, the 
total balance is immediately due and payable. 
Making Payments 
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not 
make payments with funds from your Account or any 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
other credit account with us or any other company in 
the Capital One organization. You must send mailed 
payments to us as instructed on your Statement, unless 
we tell you otherwise. 
Other Payment Services 
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services. 
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects 
a payment made using our payment services. 
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, 
we may provide that person with limited Account 
information necessary to set up and process that 
payment. We may also refuse to accept that payment. If 
we do accept it, you will be responsible for that payment 
even if a financial institution rejects it. 
Payment Processing 
We may accept and process payments without losing 
any of our rights. We may delay the availability of 
credit until we confirm that your payment has cleared. 
This may happen even if we credit your payment to 
your Account. We may resubmit and collect returned 
payments electronically. If necessary, we may adjust 
your Account to correct errors, process returned and 
reversed payments, and handle similar issues. 
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize 
us to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from 
your deposit account. You also authorize us to process 
the payment as an Item. We may withdraw the funds 
from your deposit account as early as the same day 
we receive your payment. You will not receive your 
Item back from your bank. We will provide additional 
information about this process on your Statement. 
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended. 
How We Apply Your Payments 
Your Account may have Segments with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). For example, purchases may 
have a lower APR than Cash Advances. If your Account 
has Segment balances with different APRs, here is how 
we apply payments in a Billing Cycle: 
(1) We generally apply credits and payments up to 
your minimum payment first to the balance with the 
lowest APR, and then to balances with higher APRs. 
(2) We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest 
APR, and then to balances with lower APRs. 
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions, 
or Instructions 
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, 
conditions, limitations, or special instructions to: 
Capital One 
 P.O. Box 1330 
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330 
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications. 
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process 
it without losing any of our rights. 
Credit Balances 
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance. 
Account Default 
You will be in default if: 
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due; 
(2) any payment you make is rejected, not paid or 
cannot be processed; 
(3) you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding; 
(4) you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity; 
(5) we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us; 
(6) you do not comply with any term of this Agreement 
or any other agreement with us; or 
(7) you permanently reside outside the United States. 
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice: 
(1) charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on your 
Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures; 
(2) close or suspend your Account; 
(3) lower your revolving credit line; 
(4) demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account; 
(5) continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or 
(6) file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts. 
4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Communications 
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account. 
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone number 
(including a mobile telephone number that you provide us), 
and use an automated telephone dialing system or similar 
device to do so. You agree that we may monitor or record 
any conversation or other communication with you. 
Credit Reports 
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, 
or other defaults on your Account may be reflected in 
your credit report. Information we provide may appear 
on your and the Authorized Users’ credit reports. 
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate 
information about your Account to a credit bureau or 
other consumer reporting agency, notify us in writing at  
P.O. Box 30281, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0281. When 
you write, tell us the specific information that you believe 
is incorrect and why you believe it is incorrect. 
We may obtain and use credit, income and other information 
about you from credit bureaus and others as the law allows. 
Closing or Suspending Your Account 
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close 
your Account. 
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default. 
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close 
or permanently suspend your Account, you must return 
or destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts 
you owe on the Account. 
Changes to Your Agreement 
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing 
so. We will give you notice of any changes as required 
by law. We may notify you of changes on your Statement 
or in a separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and 
how the changes will take effect. The notice will describe 
any rights you have in connection with the changes. 
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as the 
index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase your APRs 
for any other reason, or if we change your Fees or other 
terms of your Account, we will notify you as required by law. 
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement 
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part 
of this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts 
will remain in effect. 
Waiver 
5 
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose 
not to take any action for any reason. We may waive our 
right without notifying you. For example, we may waive 
your Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and 
without losing our right to charge them in the future. 
Assignment 
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of 
your and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, 
assign or transfer your Account or this Agreement to 
someone else without our written permission. 
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior 
notice to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our 
place under this Agreement. You must pay them and 
perform all of your obligations to them and not us. If you 
pay us after we notify you that we have transferred your 
Account or this Agreement, we can return the payment 
to you, forward the payment to the assignee, or handle it 
in another way that is reasonable. 
Glossary 
• “Access Check” means any check we send to you to 
access credit from your Account. We may also refer 
to an Access Check as a “convenience check” or a 
“purchase check”. 
•“Account” means your Card Account with us. 
•“Authorized User” means a person who may use the 
Card, but is not responsible for the repayment of the 
Account. 
•“Balance Transfer” means a Transfer posted to the 
Other Purchases and Transfers Segment of your 
Account unless otherwise described in your Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures. 
•“Billing Cycle” means the period of time reflected on 
a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is 
approximately 30 days. You will have a Billing Cycle 
even if a Statement is not required. We will often 
specify a Billing Cycle by the month in which its closing 
date occurs. For example, a “March Billing Cycle” will 
have a closing date in March. We may also refer to 
a Billing Cycle as a “Billing Period”. If your Account 
balance has charged off, we may switch to quarterly 
Billing Cycles for your Account. 
•“Card” means any Capital One credit card associated 
with your Account. This includes all renewals and 
substitutions. It also means any other access device 
for your Account we give you that allows you to obtain 
credit, including any Account number. 
•“Cash Advance” means a loan in cash or things we 
consider cash equivalents, including wire transfers, 
travelers’ checks, money orders, foreign currency, 
lottery tickets, gaming chips, and wagers. We post 
Cash Advances to the Cash Advance Segment of your 
Account and not to your purchase Segment. 
 
   
 
 
  
 
     
 
 
 
 
   
   
•“Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not 
based on the Annual Percentage Rates. 
•“Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account 
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates. 
•“Item” means a check, draft, money order or other 
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account. 
This includes any image of these instruments. This 
does not include an Access Check. 
•“Payment Card Network” means the network provider 
displayed on your Card. This may be Visa 
Inc., 
MasterCard International Incorporated, or any other 
network provider. 
•“Segments” means the different parts of your Account 
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, 
pricing, or other terms. We create these parts of your 
Account for such things as your Bass Pro Shops and 
Cabela’s Purchases, Other Purchases and Transfers, 
Cash Advances and Special Transfers. The sum of your 
Segment balances equals your total Account balance. 
•“Special Transfer” means a Transfer posted to a 
Segment of your Account that is not your purchase 
Segment or Cash Advance Segment. 
•“Statement” means a document showing important 
Account information, including all transactions billed to 
your Account during a Billing Cycle and information about 
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement 
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”. 
•“Transfers” means amounts transferred from other 
accounts to this Account and includes Balance 
Transfers and Special Transfers. 
•“Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that 
the federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z 
require for any Account. This includes your application 
and solicitation disclosures, Account opening 
disclosures, subsequent disclosures, Statements, and 
change in terms notices. 
© 2022 Capital One 
Capital One is a federally registered service mark.  
All rights reserved. 
BR417718 M-135243 6 COF Customer Agreement 461 

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for Cabela’s CLUB Cards.pdf-255663.pdf ===

 
 
 
 
  
  
Credit Card Agreement for Cabela’s CLUB Cards in Capital One, N.A.
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending on 
the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. Not all offers will contain introductory rates. The 
Customer Agreement contains important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. Please 
visit www.capitalone.com to view our online credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log in to your 
account if you would like to request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s).
CAPITAL ONE PRICING INFORMATION 
Annual Percentage Rate 
(APR) for Purchases at 
Cabela’s and  
Bass Pro Shops
9.99%.
APR for Other 
Purchases and 
Transfers
19.49% - 31.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Cash Advances 31.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
Paying Interest Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you 
interest on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due  
date each month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and transfers on the 
transaction date.
For Credit Card Tips from 
the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,  
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at  
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Annual Fee None.
Transaction Fees
• Transfer 3% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR 
that we may offer you.
None for balances transferred at the Transfer APR. 
• Cash Advance Either $3 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. 
Penalty Fees
• Late Payment Up to $40.
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See 
“How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below.
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in “Y
our Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD
How Do You Calculate My Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates on the following segment(s) will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your January, April, July and 
October billing periods: Other Purchases and Transfer APR: Prime plus a margin between 11.99% and 23.74%; Cash Advance 
APR: Prime plus 23.74%. Any increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your Minimum Payment.
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Cabela’s and Bass 
Pro Shops Purchases APR is 0.02737%, Other Purchases and Transfer APR between 0.0534% and 0.08559%, and Cash 
Advance APR is 0.08559%. See “How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below.
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each segment, 1) take the beginning balance and add in new 
transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then2) subtract any payments and credits for that 
segment as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each segment. However, if you paid your previous month’s balance 
in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which post to your purchase or special purchase 
segments are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a grace period are not added to the daily balances.
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance:1) add the daily balances together for each segment, and 2)divide the sum by the 
number of days in the billing cycle.
At the end of each billing cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for that segment, and 2) multiply the result by the number of days in the billing period.
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, this calculation may vary from the interest charge actually assessed.
©2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at 
www.capitalone.com.
Capital One® Customer Agreement
Welcome to Capital One
Thank you for opening a credit card account with us. 
This Customer Agreement including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”) contains the terms of your agreement 
with Capital One.
Definitions
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in 
the Glossary section at the end of this Agreement.
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant 
and co-applicant for the Account; any person responsible 
for paying the Account; and any person responsible for 
complying with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and 
“Capital One” mean Capital One, National Association; 
and its agents, authorized representatives, successors, 
and assignees.
Account Documents
The following documents govern your Account with us:
(1) this Agreement; 
(2) all Statements; 
(3)  any rewards program terms, conditions, and 
disclosures;
(4) any privacy notices; 
(5) your Card benefits brochure which describes 
benefits provided by the Payment Card Network for 
your Account; 
(6)  all disclosures and materials provided to you before 
or when you opened your Account;
(7)  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and
(8)  any future changes we make to any of the above. 
Please read these carefully and keep them for  
future reference.
 
New Offers
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that 
we think may interest you. The terms of these offers may 
differ from the standard terms on your Account. This 
Agreement will still apply.
Account Information
We need information about you to manage your 
Account. This includes:
(1) your legal name;
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address 
(if different); 
(3) your date of birth;
(4)  your Social Security number or other government 
identification number;
(5) your telephone number(s); and
(6) your employment and income information. 
You must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. 
We may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify 
your information, or if you do not provide it as requested.
Your Revolving Credit Line and Spending
We will tell you your initial revolving credit line when you 
open your Account. We may increase or decrease your 
revolving credit line at any time without prior notice to 
you, unless notice is required by law, and we may limit 
or take away the credit available for Cash Advances. 
You can find your current revolving credit line on 
your Statement. We may not authorize transactions in 
excess of your revolving credit line. We may consider 
each transaction that may cause you to exceed your 
revolving credit line based on several factors, including 
your performance on this Account and other credit 
accounts you have with us and your performance with 
other creditors. If we do authorize transactions in excess 
of your revolving credit line, they will be subject to this 
Agreement. They will not result in an increase of your 
revolving credit line. 
Using Your Account
(1)  This Agreement applies whether or not you use 
your Card or Account. It will continue to apply even 
after your Account is closed, as long as you have a 
balance.
(2)  You must sign the Card immediately when you 
receive it.
(3)  You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to.
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card, Access Checks and 
Account.
(5)  We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your revolving credit line or 
your Account is not in default.
(6)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we 
do not authorize a transaction.
(7)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason.
(8)  Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable Segment of your 
Account. We will apply it against your available credit 
for that Segment.
(9)  You may obtain Cash Advances and Transfers as 
permitted for your Account. You may not use these to 
pay any amount you owe us or any other company in 
the Capital One organization.
(10)  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any 
illegal activity. You are responsible for any charges if 
you do.
(11)  We are not liable for any losses that may result 
when our services are unavailable due to reasons 
beyond our control.
1
Rewards
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to 
earn rewards. If it does, we will separately provide you 
with information and terms about the rewards. 
Access Checks
We may provide you with Access Checks. If we do, we 
will tell you at the time if we consider them purchases, 
Cash Advances or Special Transfers. 
Only the person we designate may use Access Checks. 
You may not use them to pay any amount you owe us or 
any other company in the Capital One organization. We 
may reject and not pay any Access Check if:
(1) your Account is past due, charged off, bankrupt, lost/
stolen or closed; 
(2) we suspect fraud;
(3) your Account is over the revolving credit line; or
(4)  the check has expired, is damaged or cannot 
otherwise be processed.
Our liability if we do not pay an Access Check will never 
be more than (1) your actual damages or (2) the amount 
of the Access Check, whichever is less.
Use of an Access Check is not the same as using your 
Card. When you use an Access Check, you will have 
fewer rights to dispute merchant transactions than 
with uses of your Card. Please see the “Billing Rights 
Summary” on your Statement and your other Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures for more information.
Stopping Payment of Access Checks
You may request a stop payment on any Access Check 
by contacting Customer Service.
We will have a reasonable amount of time after your 
stop payment request to research and complete the 
stop payment. We will not be responsible if we cannot 
complete the stop payment. Reasons include:
(1) the Access Check was already paid;
(2)  you do not give us the information we asked for; or
(3) the information you gave us was incorrect.
We do not have to release the stop payment order unless 
the account holder who made the request asks us to. 
If we re-credit your Account after a valid stop payment 
order, you give us all of your rights against the payee or 
other holder of the paid Access Check. You also agree to 
help us in any legal action we may later take against the 
payee or other holder of the check.
Using a PIN
We may give you a personal identification number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card.
 
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it 
to anyone, or keep it with your 
Card. If you lose your 
Card or believe the confidentiality of your PIN has 
been compromised for any reason, you must contact 
Customer Service immediately
.
Authorized Users
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, 
they are an Authorized User. We may require certain 
information about them. We may limit their ability to use 
your Card. They may have access to certain information 
about your Account. You will be responsible for their use 
of the Account and anyone else they allow to use your 
Account, even if you did not want, or agree to, that use. 
Removing an Authorized User
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all 
Cards in their possession and cancel any arrangements 
they may have set up on your Account. They will be able 
to use your Account until you have notified us that you are 
removing them from your Account. During this time, you 
will still be responsible for all amounts they charge to your 
Account. You will be responsible even if these amounts do 
not appear on your Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number.
Your Promise to Pay
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes. 
Statements
We will generally send or make available to you one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of 
each Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law 
may not require us to send or make available to you a 
Statement, or may prohibit us from doing so.
Disputed Transactions
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and 
other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify 
us of an error, we will assume that all information on the 
Statement is correct. 
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also:
(1)  give us any information about the disputed 
transaction, if we ask;
2
(2)  not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the 
transaction amount from the merchant or any other 
person; and
(3) help us get reimbursement from others.
No Warranties
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement.
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without your 
permission, you must contact Customer Service immediately. 
You will not be responsible for transactions on your Account 
that we find are unauthorized.
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you 
will help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement 
from the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us 
documents in a form that we request. 
Interest Charges and Fees
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin 
to accrue from the day a transaction occurs. However, 
we will not charge you interest on any new transactions 
posted to the purchase Segment of your Account if 
you paid the total balance across all Segments of your 
Account in full by the due date on your Statement each 
month. From time to time, we may give you offers that 
allow you to pay less than the total balance and avoid 
Interest Charges on new purchase Segment transactions. 
If we do, we will provide details in the specific offer.
We will generally treat Fees as Other Purchases and 
Transfers transactions unless otherwise specified below. 
These Fees apply to your Account only if your Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures provide for them. We may increase 
your Interest Charges and Fees as described in the 
Changes to Your Agreement section or in your Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures. 
Membership Fee
If your Account has a membership Fee, we may charge 
the first membership Fee either on the day you activate 
your Card or on the day when you use your Account, 
whichever occurs first. If your Account terms include a 
$0 introductory Fee, we may charge the first Fee when 
the introductory period ends. If it is an annual Fee, we 
may then charge it approximately once per year. If it is a 
monthly Fee, we may charge it each Billing Cycle.
Late Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive 
your payment as instructed on your Statement by the 
payment due date.
Returned Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time your financial 
institution for any reason rejects a payment you make to us.
Stop Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you ask us to 
(1) stop payment on an Access Check or (2) renew an 
existing stop payment order.
Cash Advance Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you take out a 
Cash Advance. We will treat this Fee as a Cash Advance 
transaction. 
Transfer Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you make a 
Transfer. We will charge the Fee to the same Segment 
where we post the Transfer. 
Transactions Made in Foreign Currencies
If you make a transaction in a foreign currency, the 
Payment Card Network will convert it into a U.S. dollar 
amount. The Payment Card Network will use its own 
currency conversion procedures. The conversion rate 
in effect on the processing date may differ from the rate 
in effect on the transaction date that appears on your 
Statement. We do not adjust the currency exchange rate 
or charge any currency conversion Fees.
Minimum Payment
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount 
by the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you: 
(1) the minimum payment due,
(2) your new balance,
(3) the payment due date, and
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us 
for us to consider it received as of that date.
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce 
your Account balance, but they will not change your 
minimum payment amount.
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay 
all or part of the total balance on your Account. But, 
you must still pay at least the minimum payment 
amount each month, even if you paid more than the 
minimum payment due on the previous Statement. We 
will continue to charge Interest Charges during Billing 
Cycles when you carry a balance regardless of whether 
your Statement includes a minimum payment that is 
due. If your Account is 180 days past due, is part of a 
bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged off, the 
total balance is immediately due and payable.
Making Payments
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not 
make payments with funds from your Account or any 
3
other credit account with us or any other company in 
the Capital One organization. You must send mailed 
payments to us as instructed on your Statement, unless 
we tell you otherwise. 
Other Payment Services
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services. 
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects 
a payment made using our payment services.
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, 
we may provide that person with limited Account 
information necessary to set up and process that 
payment. We may also refuse to accept that payment. If 
we do accept it, you will be responsible for that payment 
even if a financial institution rejects it. 
Payment Processing
We may accept and process payments without losing 
any of our rights. We may delay the availability of 
credit until we confirm that your payment has cleared. 
This may happen even if we credit your payment to 
your Account. We may resubmit and collect returned 
payments electronically. If necessary, we may adjust 
your Account to correct errors, process returned and 
reversed payments, and handle similar issues.
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize 
us to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from 
your deposit account. You also authorize us to process 
the payment as an Item. We may withdraw the funds 
from your deposit account as early as the same day 
we receive your payment. You will not receive your 
Item back from your bank. We will provide additional 
information about this process on your Statement. 
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended. 
How We Apply Your Payments
Your Account may have Segments with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). For example, purchases may 
have a lower APR than Cash Advances. If your Account 
has Segment balances with different APRs, here is how 
we apply payments in a Billing Cycle: 
(1)  We generally apply credits and payments up to 
your minimum payment first to the balance with the 
lowest APR, and then to balances with higher APRs. 
(2)  We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest 
APR, and then to balances with lower APRs.
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions, 
or Instructions
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, 
conditions, limitations, or special instructions to:
Capital One 
 P.O. Box 1330 
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications.
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process 
it without losing any of our rights.
Credit Balances
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance.
Account Default
You will be in default if:
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due;
(2)  any payment you make is rejected, not paid or 
cannot be processed;
(3)  you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding;
(4)  you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity; 
(5)  we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us; 
(6)  you do not comply with any term of this Agreement 
or any other agreement with us; or
(7)
  you permanently reside outside the United States.
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice: 
(1)
 charge you  Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on your 
Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures;
(2) close or suspend your Account;
(3) lower your revolving credit line;
(4)  demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account;
(5)  continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or
(6)  file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts.
4
Communications
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account.
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone number 
(including a mobile telephone number that you provide us), 
and use an automated telephone dialing system or similar 
device to do so. You agree that we may monitor or record 
any conversation or other communication with you. 
Credit Reports
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, 
or other defaults on your Account may be reflected in 
your credit report. Information we provide may appear 
on your and the Authorized Users’ credit reports.
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate 
information about your Account to a credit bureau or 
other consumer reporting agency, notify us in writing at  
P.O. Box 30281, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0281. When 
you write, tell us the specific information that you believe 
is incorrect and why you believe it is incorrect. 
We may obtain and use credit, income and other information 
about you from credit bureaus and others as the law allows. 
Closing or Suspending Your Account
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close 
your Account.
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default. 
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close 
or permanently suspend your Account, you must return 
or destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts 
you owe on the Account.
Changes to Your Agreement
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing 
so. We will give you notice of any changes as required 
by law. We may notify you of changes on your Statement 
or in a separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and 
how the changes will take effect. The notice will describe 
any rights you have in connection with the changes. 
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as the 
index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase your APRs 
for any other reason, or if we change your Fees or other 
terms of your Account, we will notify you as required by law.
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part 
of this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts 
will remain in effect.
Waiver
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose 
not to take any action for any reason. We may waive our 
right without notifying you. For example, we may waive 
your Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and 
without losing our right to charge them in the future. 
Assignment
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of 
your and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, 
assign or transfer your Account or this Agreement to 
someone else without our written permission. 
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior 
notice to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our 
place under this Agreement. You must pay them and 
perform all of your obligations to them and not us. If you 
pay us after we notify you that we have transferred your 
Account or this Agreement, we can return the payment 
to you, forward the payment to the assignee, or handle it 
in another way that is reasonable. 
Glossary
• “Access Check” means any check we send to you to 
access credit from your Account. We may also refer 
to an Access Check as a “convenience check” or a 
“purchase check”.
•“Account” means your Card Account with us.
• “Authorized User” means a person who may use the 
Card, but is not responsible for the repayment of the 
Account. 
• “Balance Transfer” means a Transfer posted to the 
Other Purchases and Transfers Segment of your 
Account unless otherwise described in your Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures.
• “Billing Cycle” means the period of time reflected on 
a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is 
approximately 30 days. You will have a Billing Cycle 
even if a Statement is not required. We will often 
specify a Billing Cycle by the month in which its closing 
date occurs. For example, a “March Billing Cycle” will 
have a closing date in March. We may also refer to 
a Billing Cycle as a “Billing Period”. If your Account 
balance has charged off, we may switch to quarterly 
Billing Cycles for your Account.
• “Card” means any Capital One credit card associated 
with your Account. This includes all renewals and 
substitutions. It also means any other access device 
for your Account we give you that allows you to obtain 
credit, including any Account number.
• “Cash Advance” means a loan in cash or things we 
consider cash equivalents, including wire transfers, 
travelers’ checks, money orders, foreign currency, 
lottery tickets, gaming chips, and wagers. We post 
Cash Advances to the Cash Advance Segment of your 
Account and not to your purchase Segment.
  
5
• “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not 
based on the Annual Percentage Rates.
•“Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account 
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates.
• “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other 
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account. 
This includes any image of these instruments. This 
does not include an Access Check.
• “Payment Card Network” means the network provider 
displayed on your Card. This may be Visa Inc., 
MasterCard International Incorporated, or any other 
network provider. 
• “Segments” means the different parts of your Account 
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, 
pricing, or other terms. We create these parts of your 
Account for such things as your Bass Pro Shops and 
Cabela’s Purchases, Other Purchases and Transfers, 
Cash Advances and Special Transfers. The sum of your 
Segment balances equals your total Account balance.
  
• “Special Transfer” means a Transfer posted to a 
Segment of your Account that is not your purchase 
Segment or Cash Advance Segment
.
•“Statement” means a document showing important 
Account information, including all transactions billed to 
your Account during a Billing Cycle and information about 
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement 
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”. 
• “Transfers” means amounts transferred from other 
accounts to this Account and includes Balance 
Transfers and Special Transfers.
•“Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that 
the federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z 
require for any Account. This includes your application 
and solicitation disclosures, Account opening 
disclosures, subsequent disclosures, Statements, and 
change in terms notices.
    
   
© 2022 Capital One
Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved.
BR417718    M-135243 6 COF Customer Agreement 461

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for Capital One Walmart Rewards Cards.pdf-255658.pdf ===

 
Credit Card Agreement for Capital One Walmart Rewards® Cards in Capital One, N.A.
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending on 
the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. Not all offers will contain introductory rates. The 
Customer Agreement contains important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. Please 
visit www.capitalone.com to view our online credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log in to your 
account if you would like to request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s).
Annual Percentage Rate
Annual Percentage Rate
(APR) for Purchases and 
Quick Cash
Introductory rate of 0%, ranging for 9 months.
Non-introductory rates between 17.99% and 28.99%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Transfers 17.99% and 28.99%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Cash Advances 28.99%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
Paying Interest Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest
on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due date each 
month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and transfers on the transaction date.
For Credit Card Tips from
the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,  
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Fees
Annual Fee None.
Transaction Fees
• Transfer 3% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR 
that we may offer you.
None for balances transferred at the Transfer APR.
• Cash Advance Either $3 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Penalty Fees
• Late Payment Up to $39.
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See 
“How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below.
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in “Your Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD
How Do You Calculate My Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates on the following segment(s) will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your January, April, July and 
October billing periods: Non-Introductory Purchase and Quick Cash APR: Prime plus 10.49% - 21.49%; Transfer APR: Prime 
plus 10.49% - 21.49%; Cash Advance APR: Prime plus 21.49%. Any increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest 
Charges and your Minimum Payment.
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Introductory Purchase 
APR and Quick Cash APR is 0.00000%; Non-introductory Purchase and Quick Cash APR is 0.04929% - 0.07942%, Non-
introductory Transfer APR is 0.04929% - 0.07942%, and Cash Advance APR is 0.07942%. See “How Do You Calculate The 
Interest Charge?” section below.
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each segment, 1) take the beginning balance and add in new 
transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits for that 
segment as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each segment. However, if you paid your previous month’s balance 
in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which post to your purchase or special purchase 
segments are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a grace period are not added to the daily balances.
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance: 1) add the daily balances together for each segment, and 2) divide the sum by the 
number of days in the billing cycle.
At the end of each billing cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for that segment, and 2) multiply the result by the number of days in the billing period. 
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, this calculation may vary from the interest charge actually assessed.
©2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www.capitalone.com.
Capital One® Customer Agreement
Welcome to Capital One
Thank you for opening a credit card account with us. 
This Customer Agreement, including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”), contains the terms of your agreement 
with Capital One.
Definitions
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in 
the Glossary section at the end of this Agreement.
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant 
and co-applicant for the Account; any person responsible 
for paying the Account; and any person responsible for 
complying with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and 
“Capital One” mean Capital One, National Association; 
and its agents, authorized representatives, successors, 
and assignees.
Account Documents
The following documents govern your Account with us:
(1) this Agreement; 
(2) all Statements; 
(3)  any rewards program terms, conditions, and disclosures;
(4) any privacy notices; 
(5)  your Card
 benefits brochure which describes 
benefits provided by the Payment Card Network for 
your Account
; 
(6)  all disclosures and materials provided to you before 
or when you opened your Account;
(7)  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and
(8)  any future changes we make to any of the above. 
Please read these carefully and keep them for  
future reference.
New Offers
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that we 
think may interest you. The terms of these offers may differ 
from the standard terms on your Account. This Agreement 
will still apply.
Account Information
We need information about you to manage your 
Account. This includes:
(1) your legal name;
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address 
(if different); 
(3) your date of birth;
(4)  your Social Security number or other government 
identification number;
(5)
 your telephone number(s); and
(6)  your employment and income information.
You must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. 
We may restrict or close your 
Account if we cannot verify 
your information, or if you do not provide it as requested.
Credit Limits
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limits. These will also appear on your Statement. We may 
also refer to your credit limits as your credit lines. We 
may give you different credit limits for different types of 
transactions or for the different Segments of your Account.
You are responsible for keeping track of your Segment 
balances and your available credit. You must manage 
your Account to remain below your credit limits. We may 
honor transactions above your credit limits, but if we do 
these transactions will not increase your credit limit. You 
are responsible for paying for any transaction you make 
above your credit limits.
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your 
credit limit on any Segment at any time. This will not 
affect your obligation to pay us. 
Using Your Account
(1)  This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card or Account. It will continue to apply even after 
your Account is closed, as long as you have a balance.
(2)  You must sign the Card immediately when you 
receive it.
(3)  You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to.
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card, Access Checks  
and Account.
(5)  We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account is not in default.
(6)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we 
do not authorize a transaction.
(7)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason.
(8)  Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable Segment of your 
Account. We will apply it against your available credit 
for that Segment.
(9)  You may obtain Quick Cash at participating Walmart-
owned registers as permitted for your Account.
(10)  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any 
illegal activity. You are responsible for any charges  
if you do.
(11)  We are not liable for any losses that may result 
when our services are unavailable due to reasons 
beyond our control.
(12)  You may use your Account for purchases anywhere 
Mastercard is accepted, and you may obtain Cash 
Advances
 and Transfers as permitted for your 
Account. You may not use these to pay any  
amount you owe us or any other company in  
the Capital One organization.
1
Rewards
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to 
earn rewards. If it does, we will separately provide you 
with information and terms about the rewards.
Promotional Credit Plans
From time to time, we may offer one or more 
promotional Segments prior to or at the time of your 
purchase. Only certain purchases may be eligible for 
promotional Segments. These offers may have special 
repayment terms and are conditioned on your timely 
payment of at least the requirement payment amount 
each Billing Cycle.
1.  Waived Interest Charge - With this offer there are  
no Interest Charges on your purchases for a 
specified period.
2.  Reduced Rate - With this offer, you will receive a 
reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) on your 
purchase for a specified period. 
Using a PIN
We may give you a personal identification number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card.
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it 
to anyone, or keep it with your Card. If you lose your 
Card or believe the confidentiality of your PIN has 
been compromised for any reason, you must contact 
Customer Service immediately.
Authorized Users
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, 
they are an Authorized User. We may require certain 
information about them. We may limit their ability to use 
your Card. They may have access to certain information 
about your Account. You will be responsible for their use 
of the Account and anyone else they allow to use your 
Account, even if you did not want, or agree to, that use. 
Removing an Authorized User
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and 
request their removal. You also must immediately 
destroy all Cards in their possession and cancel any 
arrangements they may have set up on your Account. 
They will be able to use your Account until you have 
notified us that you are removing them from your 
Account. During this time, you will still be responsible 
for all amounts they charge to your Account. You will be 
responsible even if these amounts do not appear on your 
Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number.
Your Promise to Pay
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes. 
Statements
We will generally send or make available to you one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of 
each Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law 
may not require us to send or make available to you a 
Statement, or may prohibit us from doing so.
Disputed Transactions
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and 
other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify 
us of an error, we will assume that all information on the 
Statement is correct. 
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also:
(1)  give us any information about the disputed 
transaction, if we ask;
(2) 
 not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the 
transaction amount from the merchant or any other 
person; and
(3)
 help us get reimbursement from others.
No Warranties
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement.
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without 
your permission, you must contact Customer Service 
immediately. You will not be responsible for transactions 
on your Account that we find are unauthorized.
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you will 
help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement from 
the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us documents in 
a form that we request. 
Interest Charges and Fees
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-In-
Lending Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin 
to accrue on any unpaid amount from the date of the 
transaction, date the transaction is processed or the first 
2
day of the Billing Cycle. However, we will not charge you 
interest on any new transactions posted to the purchase 
Segment of your Account if you pay your “New Balance” 
in full by the due date on your Statement each month. If 
you did not pay your “New Balance” in full when due for 
a Billing Cycle, interest will continue to accrue between 
the time that we calculate your “New Balance,” as 
reflected on your Statement, and when we receive your 
payment. This interest will post on your next Statement. 
That is why if you start accruing Interest Charges, you 
generally must pay your “New Balance” in full for two 
consecutive Billing Cycles before Interest Charges stop 
posting to your Statement. Please note, however, that 
Interest Charges will begin accruing immediately for any 
Cash Advances and other transactions that do not post 
to the purchase Segment. From time to time, we may 
provide you offers that allow you to pay less than the 
“New Balance” in full and avoid Interest Charges on new 
purchase Segment transactions. If we do, we will provide 
details in the specific offer.
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to 
your Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures 
provide for them. We may increase your Interest Charges 
and Fees as described in the Changes to Your Agreement 
section or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
Membership Fee
If your Account has a membership Fee, we may charge 
the first membership Fee either on the day you activate 
your Card or on the day when you use your Account, 
whichever occurs first. If your Account terms include a 
$0 introductory Fee, we may charge the first Fee when 
the introductory period ends. If it is an annual Fee, we 
may then charge it approximately once per year. If it is a 
monthly Fee, we may charge it each Billing Cycle.
Late Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive 
your payment as instructed on your Statement by the 
payment due date.
Returned Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time your financial 
institution for any reason rejects a payment you make  
to us.
Minimum Payment
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount 
by the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you: 
(1) 
 
 
the minimum payment due,
(2)
your new balance,
(3) the payment due date, and
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us 
for us to consider it received as of that date.
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce 
your Account balance, but they will not change your 
minimum payment amount.
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay 
all or part of the total balance on your Account. But, 
you must still pay at least the minimum payment 
amount each month, even if you paid more than the 
minimum payment due on the previous Statement. We 
will continue to charge Interest Charges during Billing 
Cycles when you carry a balance regardless of whether 
your Statement includes a minimum payment that is 
due. If your Account is 180 days past due, is part of a 
bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged off, the 
total balance is immediately due and payable.
Making Payments
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not 
make payments with funds from your Account or any other 
credit account with us or any other company in the Capital 
One organization. You must send mailed payments to us as 
instructed on your Statement, unless we tell you otherwise. 
Other Payment Services
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services. 
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects 
a payment made using our payment services.
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we 
may provide that person with limited Account information 
necessary to set up and process that payment. We may 
also refuse to accept that payment. If we do accept 
it, you will be responsible for that payment even if a 
financial institution rejects it. 
Payment Processing
We may accept and process payments without losing 
any of our rights. We may delay the availability of 
credit until we confirm that your payment has cleared. 
This may happen even if we credit your payment to 
your Account. We may resubmit and collect returned 
payments electronically. If necessary, we may adjust 
your Account to correct errors, process returned and 
reversed payments, and handle similar issues.
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize 
us to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from 
your deposit account. You also authorize us to process 
the payment as an Item. We may withdraw the funds 
from your deposit account as early as the same day 
we receive your payment. You will not receive your 
Item back from your bank. We will provide additional 
information about this process on your Statement. 
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
3
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended. 
How We Apply Your Payments
Your Account may have Segments with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). For example, purchases 
(including Quick Cash) may have a lower APR than 
Cash Advances. If your Account has Segment balances 
with different APRs, here is how we apply payments in a 
Billing Cycle: 
(1)  We generally apply credits and payments up to your 
minimum payment first to the balance with the lowest 
APR, and then to balances with higher APRs. 
(2)  We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest 
APR, and then to balances with lower APRs.
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions, 
or Instructions
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, 
conditions, limitations, or special instructions to:
Capital One 
PO Box 1330 
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications.
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process 
it without losing any of our rights.
Credit Balances
We may reject and return any payment that creates or 
adds to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit 
balance we allow will not be available until we confirm 
that your payment has cleared. We may reduce the 
amount of any credit balance by any new charges. You 
may write to the address provided on your Statement 
or call Customer Service to request a refund of any 
available credit balance.
Account Default
You will be in default if:
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due;
(2)  any payment you make is rejected, not paid or 
cannot be processed;
(3) you exceed a credit limit;
(4)  you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding;
(5)  you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity; 
(6)
  we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us; 
(7) 
 you do not comply with any term of this Agreement 
or any other agreement with us; or
(8) 
 you permanently reside outside the United States.
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your 
Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice: 
(1)  charge you 
Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on 
your Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures;
(2) close or suspend your Account;
(3) lower your credit limit(s);
(4)  demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account;
(5)  continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or
(6)  file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts.
Communications
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account.
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone 
number (including a mobile telephone number that 
you provide us), and use an automated telephone 
dialing system or similar device to do so. You agree that 
we may monitor or record any conversation or other 
communication with you. 
Some of our communications, including this Agreement, 
are available in both English and Spanish. You will be 
given the opportunity to select which of these language 
you would prefer for future communications. Capital One 
reserves the right to send communications in English. 
Some online services and other important communications 
about your Account may only be available in English. You 
should review all communications we send to you in both 
languages, as they may contain important information 
about your Account.
Credit Reports
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, or 
other defaults on your Account may be reflected in your 
credit report. Information we provide may appear on your 
and the Authorized Users’ credit reports.
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate information 
about your Account to a credit bureau or other consumer 
reporting agency, notify us in writing at PO Box 30281, 
Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0281. When you write, tell us the
 
specific information that you believe is incorrect and why 
you believe it is incorrect. 
4
We may obtain and use credit, income and other 
information about you from credit bureaus and others as 
the law allows. 
Closing or Suspending Your Account
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close 
your Account.
We may close or suspend your Account at any time  
and for any reason permitted by law, even if you are  
not in default. 
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close 
or permanently suspend your Account, you must return 
or destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts 
you owe on the Account.
Changes to Your Agreement
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing 
so. We will give you notice of any changes as required 
by law. We may notify you of changes on your Statement 
or in a separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and 
how the changes will take effect. The notice will describe 
any rights you have in connection with the changes. 
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as the 
index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase your APRs 
for any other reason, or if we change your Fees or other 
terms of your Account, we will notify you as required by law.
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part 
of this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts 
will remain in effect.
Waiver
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose 
not to take any action for any reason. We may waive our 
right without notifying you. For example, we may waive 
your Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and 
without losing our right to charge them in the future. 
Assignment
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of 
your and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, 
assign or transfer your Account or this Agreement to 
someone else without our written permission. 
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior 
notice to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our 
place under this Agreement. You must pay them and 
perform all of your obligations to them and not us. If you 
pay us after we notify you that we have transferred your 
Account or this Agreement, we can return the payment 
to you, forward the payment to the assignee, or handle it 
in another way that is reasonable.
Access Checks
We may provide you with Access Checks. If we do, we 
will tell you at the time if we consider them purchases, 
Cash Advances or Special Transfers. 
Only the person we designate may use Access Checks. 
You may not use them to pay any amount you owe us or 
any other company in the Capital One organization. We 
may reject and not pay any Access Check if:
(1)  your Account is past due, charged off, bankrupt,  
lost/stolen or closed; 
(2) 
 
we suspect fraud;
(3) your Account is over the credit limit; or
(4)  the check has expired, is damaged or cannot 
otherwise be processed.
Our liability if we do not pay an Access Check will never 
be more than (1) your actual damages or (2) the amount 
of the 
Access Check, whichever is less.
Use of an Access Check
 is not the same as using your 
Card. When you use an Access Check, you will have 
fewer rights to dispute merchant transactions than 
with uses of your Card. Please see the “Billing Rights 
Summary” on your Statement and your other Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures for more information.
Stopping Payment of Access Checks
You may request a stop payment on any Access Check 
by contacting Customer Service.
We will have a reasonable amount of time after your 
stop payment request to research and complete the 
stop payment. We will not be responsible if we cannot 
complete the stop payment. Reasons include:
(1) the Access Check was already paid;
(2)  you do not give us the information we asked for; or
(3) the information you gave us was incorrect.
We do not have to release the stop payment order unless 
the account holder who made the request asks us to. 
If we re-credit your Account
 after a valid stop payment 
order, you give us all of your rights against the payee or 
other holder of the paid 
Access Check. You also agree to 
help us in any legal action we may later take against the 
payee or other holder of the check.
Stop Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you ask us to 
(1) stop payment on an Access Check or (2) renew an 
existing stop payment order.
Cash Advance Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you take out a 
Cash Advance. We will treat this Fee as a Cash Advance 
transaction. 
Transfer Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you make a 
Transfer. We will charge the Fee to the same Segment 
where we post the Transfer. 
5
Transactions Made in Foreign Currencies
If you make a transaction in a foreign currency, the 
Payment Card Network will convert it into a U.S. dollar 
amount. The Payment Card Network will use its own 
currency conversion procedures. The conversion rate 
in effect on the processing date may differ from the rate 
in effect on the transaction date that appears on your 
Statement. We do not adjust the currency exchange rate 
or charge any currency conversion Fees.
Glossary
• “Access Check” means any check we send to you to 
access credit from your Account. We may also refer 
to an Access Check as a “convenience check” or a 
“purchase check”.
•  “Account” means your Card Account with us.
• “Authorized User” means a person who may use  
the Card, but is not responsible for the repayment  
of the Account. 
• “Balance Transfer” means a Transfer posted to the 
purchase Segment of your Account unless otherwise 
described in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
• “Billing Cycle” means the period of time reflected on 
a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is 
approximately 30 days. You will have a Billing Cycle 
even if a Statement is not required. We will often specify 
a Billing Cycle by the month in which its closing date 
occurs. For example, a “March Billing Cycle” will have 
a closing date in March. We may also refer to a Billing 
Cycle as a “Billing Period”. If your Account balance has 
charged off, we may switch to quarterly Billing Cycles for 
your Account.
• “Card” means any Capital One credit card associated 
with your Account. This includes all renewals and 
substitutions. It also means any other access device for 
your Account we give you that allows you to obtain credit, 
including any Account number.
• “Cash Advance” means a loan in cash or things we 
consider cash equivalents, including wire transfers, 
travelers’ checks, money orders, foreign currency, 
lottery tickets, gaming chips, and wagers. We post 
Cash Advances to the Cash Advance Segment of your 
Account and not to your purchase Segment.
• “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not 
based on the Annual Percentage Rates.
•  “Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account 
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates.
• “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other 
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account. This 
includes any image of these instruments. This does not 
include an Access Check.
• “Payment Card Network” means the network provider 
displayed on your Card. This may be Visa Inc., 
Mastercard International Incorporated, or any other 
network provider.
• “Quick Cash” means cash that may be obtained in  
$20 increments, up to any limit we may set, at the  
time a purchase transaction is made using your Card at 
participating Walmart-owned registers. Quick Cash  
is not available if you are using Walmart Pay. Quick 
Cash transactions will be treated as part of the 
purchase Segment of your Account for the purpose  
of calculating interest. 
• “Segments” means the different parts of your Account 
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, 
pricing, or other terms. We create these parts of your 
Account for such things as your purchases, Balance 
Transfers, Cash Advances and Special Transfers. 
The sum of your Segment balances equals your total 
Account balance.
• “Special Transfer” means a Transfer posted to a 
Segment of your Account that is not your purchase 
Segment or Cash Advance Segment.
•    “Statement” means a document showing important 
Account information, including all transactions billed to 
your Account during a Billing Cycle and information about 
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement 
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”. 
• “Transfers” means amounts transferred from other 
accounts to this Account and includes Balance 
Transfers and Special Transfers.
•   “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that 
the federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z 
require for any Account. This includes your application 
and solicitation disclosures, Account opening 
disclosures, subsequent disclosures, Statements, and 
change in terms notices.
6
© 2019 Capital One
Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved.
BR408251    M-128870 COF Customer Agreement 428

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for Consumer Card-255667.pdf ===

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit Card Agreement for Consumer Cards in Capital One, N.A. 
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer  
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts  
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending on  
the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. Not all offers will contain introductory rates. The  
Customer Agreement contains important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. Please 
visit www.capitalone.com to view our online credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log in to your  
account if you would like to request the Credit Card 
Agreement for your account(s).
CAPITAL ONE PRICING INFORMATION 
Annual Percentage Rate
(APR) for Purchases Introductory rate of 0% for 9 months.
Non-introductory rates between 26.74% and 29.74%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
APR for Transfers Non-introductory rates between 26.74% and 29.74%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
APR for Cash Advances Non-introductory rates between 26.74% and 29.74%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
Paying Interest Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you 
interest on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due 
date each month. W
e will begin charging interest on cash advances and transfers on the 
transaction date. 
For Credit Card Tips from
the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau 
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, 
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at 
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. 
Annual Fee Between $0 and $39 annually. 
Transaction Fees 
• Transfer 3% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR 
that we may of
fer you. 
None for balances transferred at the Transfer APR. 
• Cash Advance Either $3  or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. 
Penalty Fees 
• Late Payment Up to $40. 
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See “How  
Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below. 
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in “Y
our Billing Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD 
How Do Y ou Calculate My Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in 
The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates on the following segment(s) will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your January, April, July and 
October billing periods: Non-Introductory Purchase APR: Prime plus a margin between 19.24% and 22.24%; Non-Introductory 
Transfer APR: Prime plus a margin between 19.24% and 22.24%; Cash Advance APR: Prime plus a margin between 19.24% 
and 22.24%. Any increase in the Prime rate may increase your Interest Charges and your Minimum Payment.
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Introductory Purchase  
APR is 0.00000%, Non-introductory Purchase 
APR is between 0.07326% and 0.08148%, Non-introductory Transfer APR is  
between 0.07326% and 0.08148%, and Cash Advance APR is between 0.07326% and 0.08148%. See “How Do You Calculate 
The Interest Charge?” section below.
How Do Y
 ou Calculate The Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each segment, 1) take the beginning balance and add in new 
transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits for that 
segment as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each segment. However, if you paid your previous month’s balance in 
full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which post to your purchase or special purchase segments 
are not added to the daily balances. 
Also, transactions subject to a grace period are not added to the daily balances. 
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance: 1) add the daily balances together for each segment, and 2) divide the sum by the 
number of days in the billing cycle. 
 
At the end of each billing cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for that segment, and 2) multiply the result by the number of days in the billing period. 
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, this calculation may vary from the interest charge actually assessed. 
©2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www.capitalone.com.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Capital One® Customer Agreement 
Welcome to Capital One 
Thank you for opening a credit card account with us. 
This Customer Agreement including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”) contains the terms of your agreement 
with Capital One. 
Definitions 
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in 
the Glossary section at the end of this Agreement. 
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant 
and co-applicant for the Account; any person 
responsible for paying the Account; and any person 
responsible for complying with this Agreement. 
“We,” “us,” “our,” and “Capital One” mean Capital 
One, National Association; and its agents, authorized 
representatives, successors, and assignees. 
Account Documents 
The following documents govern your Account with us: 
(1) this Agreement; 
(2) all Statements; 
(3) any rewards program terms, conditions, and disclosures; 
(4) any privacy notices; 
(5) your Card benefits brochure which describes 
benefits provided by the Payment Card Network for 
your Account; 
(6) all disclosures and materials provided to you before 
or when you opened your Account; 
(7) any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and 
(8) any future changes we make to any of the above. 
Please read these carefully and keep them for 
future reference. 
New Offers 
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that 
we think may interest you. The terms of these offers may 
differ from the standard terms on your Account. This 
Agreement will still apply. 
Account Information 
We need information about you to manage your 
Account. This includes: 
(1) your legal name; 
(2) a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address 
(if different); 
(3) your date of birth; 
(4) your Social Security number or other government 
identification number; 
(5) your telephone number(s); and 
(6) your employment and income information. 
You must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. 
We may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify 
your information, or if you do not provide it as requested. 
Credit Limits 
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limits. These will also appear on your Statement. We 
may also refer to your credit limits as your credit lines. 
We may give you different credit limits for the different 
Segments of your Account. For example, you may have 
one credit limit for purchases and a different one for 
Cash Advances. 
You are responsible for keeping track of your Segment 
balances and your available credit. You must manage 
your Account to remain below your credit limits. We may 
honor transactions above your credit limits, but if we do 
these transactions will not increase your credit limit. You 
are responsible for paying for any transaction you make 
above your credit limits. 
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your 
credit limit on any Segment at any time. This will not 
affect your obligation to pay us. 
Using Your Account 
(1) This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card or Account. It will continue to apply even after 
your Account is closed, as long as you have a balance. 
(2) You must sign the Card immediately when you 
receive it. 
(3) You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to. 
(4) You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card, Access Checks and 
Account. 
(5) We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account is not in default. 
(6) We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we 
do not authorize a transaction. 
(7) We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason. 
(8) Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable Segment of your 
Account. We will apply it against your available credit 
for that Segment. 
(9) You may obtain Cash Advances and Transfers as 
permitted for your Account. You may not use these to 
pay any amount you owe us or any other company in 
the Capital One organization. 
(10) You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any 
illegal activity. You are responsible for any charges if 
you do. 
(11) We are not liable for any losses that may result 
when our services are unavailable due to reasons 
beyond our control. 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rewards 
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to 
earn rewards. If it does, we will separately provide you 
with information and terms about the rewards. 
Access Checks 
We may provide you with Access Checks. If we do, we 
will tell you at the time if we consider them purchases, 
Cash Advances or Special Transfers. 
Only the person we designate may use Access Checks. 
You may not use them to pay any amount you owe us or 
any other company in the Capital One organization. We 
may reject and not pay any Access Check if: 
(1) your Account is past due, charged off, bankrupt, lost/ 
stolen or closed; 
(2) we suspect fraud; 
(3) your Account is over the credit limit; or 
(4) the check has expired, is damaged or cannot 
otherwise be processed. 
Our liability if we do not pay an Access Check will never 
be more than (1) your actual damages or (2) the amount 
of the Access Check
, whichever is less. 
Use of an Access Check is not the same as using your 
Card
. When you use an Access Check, you will have 
fewer rights to dispute merchant transactions than 
with uses of your Card. Please see the “Billing Rights 
Summary” on your Statement and your other Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures for more information. 
Stopping Payment of Access Checks 
You may request a stop payment on any Access Check 
by contacting Customer Service. 
We will have a reasonable amount of time after your 
stop payment request to research and complete the 
stop payment. We will not be responsible if we cannot 
complete the stop payment. Reasons include: 
(1) the Access Check was already paid; 
(2) you do not give us the information we asked for; or 
(3) the information you gave us was incorrect. 
We do not have to release the stop payment order unless 
the account holder who made the request asks us to. 
If we re-credit your Account after a valid stop payment 
order, you give us all of your rights against the payee or 
other holder of the paid Access Check. You also agree to 
help us in any legal action we may later take against the 
payee or other holder of the check. 
Using a PIN 
We may give you a personal identification number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card. 
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it 
to anyone, or keep it with your Card. If you lose your 
Card or believe the confidentiality of your PIN has 
been compromised for any reason, you must contact 
Customer Service immediately. 
2 
Authorized Users 
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, 
they are an Authorized User. We may require certain 
information about them. We may limit their ability to use 
your Card. They may have access to certain information 
about your Account. You will be responsible for their use 
of the Account and anyone else they allow to use your 
Account, even if you did not want, or agree to, that use. 
Removing an Authorized User 
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. You 
will be responsible even if these amounts do not appear on 
your Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number. 
Your Promise to Pay 
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes. 
Statements 
We will generally send or make available to you one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of 
each Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law 
may not require us to send or make available to you a 
Statement, or may prohibit us from doing so. 
Disputed Transactions 
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and 
other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify 
us of an error, we will assume that all information on the 
Statement is correct. 
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also: 
(1) give us any information about the disputed 
transaction, if we ask; 
(2) not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the 
transaction amount from the merchant or any other 
person; and 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(3) help us get reimbursement from others. 
No Warranties 
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement. 
Lost or Stolen Card 
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without your 
permission, you must contact Customer Service immediately. 
You will not be responsible for transactions on your Account 
that we find are unauthorized. 
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you 
will help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement 
from the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us 
documents in a form that we request. 
Interest Charges and Fees 
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
from the day a transaction occurs. However, we will not 
charge you interest on any new transactions posted to the 
purchase Segment of your Account if you paid the total 
balance across all Segments of your Account in full by 
the due date on your Statement each month. From time 
to time, we may give you offers that allow you to pay less 
than the total balance and avoid Interest Charges on new 
purchase Segment transactions. If we do, we will provide 
details in the specific offer. 
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to 
your Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures 
provide for them. We may increase your Interest Charges 
and Fees as described in the Changes to Your Agreement 
section or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
Membership Fee 
If your Account has a membership Fee, we may charge 
the first membership Fee either on the day you activate 
your Card or on the day when you use your Account, 
whichever occurs first. If your Account terms include a 
$0 introductory Fee, we may charge the first Fee when 
the introductory period ends. If it is an annual Fee, we 
may then charge it approximately once per year. If it is a 
monthly Fee, we may charge it each Billing Cycle. 
Late Payment Fee 
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive 
your payment as instructed on your Statement by the 
payment due date. 
Returned Payment Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time your financial 
institution for any reason rejects a payment you make to us. 
3 
Stop Payment Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time you ask us to 
(1) stop payment on an Access Check or (2) renew an 
existing stop payment order. 
Cash Advance Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time you take out a 
Cash Advance. We will treat this Fee as a Cash Advance 
transaction. 
Transfer Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time you make a 
Transfer. We will charge the Fee to the same Segment 
where we post the Transfer. 
Transactions Made in Foreign Currencies 
If you make a transaction in a foreign currency, the 
Payment Card Network will convert it into a U.S. dollar 
amount. The Payment Card Network will use its own 
currency conversion procedures. The conversion rate 
in effect on the processing date may differ from the rate 
in effect on the transaction date that appears on your 
Statement. We do not adjust the currency exchange rate 
or charge any currency conversion Fees. 
Minimum Payment 
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount 
by the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you: 
(1) the minimum payment due, 
(2) your new balance, 
(3) the payment due date, and 
(4) an explanation of when the payment must reach us 
for us to consider it received as of that date. 
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce 
your Account balance, but they will not change your 
minimum payment amount. 
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay 
all or part of the total balance on your Account. But, 
you must still pay at least the minimum payment 
amount each month, even if you paid more than the 
minimum payment due on the previous Statement. We 
will continue to charge Interest Charges during Billing 
Cycles when you carry a balance regardless of whether 
your Statement includes a minimum payment that is 
due. If your Account is 180 days past due, is part of a 
bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged off, the 
total balance is immediately due and payable. 
Making Payments 
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not 
make payments with funds from your Account or any 
other credit account with us or any other company in 
the Capital One organization. You must send mailed 
payments to us as instructed on your Statement, unless 
we tell you otherwise. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Other Payment Services 
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services. 
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects 
a payment made using our payment services. 
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, 
we may provide that person with limited Account 
information necessary to set up and process that 
payment. We may also refuse to accept that payment. If 
we do accept it, you will be responsible for that payment 
even if a financial institution rejects it. 
Payment Processing 
We may accept and process payments without losing 
any of our rights. We may delay the availability of 
credit until we confirm that your payment has cleared. 
This may happen even if we credit your payment to 
your Account. We may resubmit and collect returned 
payments electronically. If necessary, we may adjust 
your Account to correct errors, process returned and 
reversed payments, and handle similar issues. 
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize 
us to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from 
your deposit account. You also authorize us to process 
the payment as an Item. We may withdraw the funds 
from your deposit account as early as the same day 
we receive your payment. You will not receive your 
Item back from your bank. We will provide additional 
information about this process on your Statement. 
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended. 
How We Apply Your Payments 
Your Account may have Segments with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). For example, purchases may 
have a lower APR than Cash Advances. If your Account 
has Segment balances with different APRs, here is how 
we apply payments in a Billing Cycle: 
(1) We generally apply credits and payments up to 
your minimum payment first to the balance with the 
lowest APR, and then to balances with higher APRs. 
(2) We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest 
APR, and then to balances with lower APRs. 
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions, 
or Instructions 
You must mail all Items  bearing restrictive words, 
conditions, limitations, or special instructions to: 
Capital One 
PO Box 1330  
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330 
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications. 
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process 
it without losing any of our rights. 
Credit Balances 
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance. 
Account Default 
You will be in default if: 
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due; 
(2) any payment you make is rejected, not paid or 
cannot be processed; 
(3) you exceed a credit limit; 
(4) you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding; 
(5) you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity; 
(6) we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us; 
(7) you do not comply with any term of this Agreement 
or any other agreement with us; or 
(8) you permanently reside outside the United States. 
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice: 
(1) charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on 
your Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures; 
(2) close or suspend your Account; 
(3) lower your credit limit(s); 
(4) demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account; 
(5) continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or 
(6) file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts. 
Communications 
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated
4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account. 
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone 
number (including a mobile telephone number that 
you provide us), and use an automated telephone 
dialing system or similar device to do so. You agree that 
we may monitor or record any conversation or other 
communication with you. 
Credit Reports 
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, 
or other defaults on your Account may be reflected in 
your credit report. Information we provide may appear 
on your and the Authorized Users’ credit reports. 
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate 
information about your Account to a credit bureau or 
other consumer reporting agency, notify us in writing at 
PO Box 30281, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0281. When 
you write, tell us the specific information that you believe 
is incorrect and why you believe it is incorrect. 
We may obtain and use credit, income and other information 
about you from credit bureaus and others as the law allows. 
Closing or Suspending Your Account 
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close 
your Account. 
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default. 
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close 
or permanently suspend your Account, you must return 
or destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts 
you owe on the Account. 
Changes to Your Agreement 
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing 
so. We will give you notice of any changes as required 
by law. We may notify you of changes on your Statement 
or in a separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and 
how the changes will take effect. The notice will describe 
any rights you have in connection with the changes. 
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as 
the index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase 
your APRs for any other reason, or if we change your 
Fees or other terms of your Account, we will notify you 
as required by law. 
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement 
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part 
of this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts 
5 
will remain in effect. 
Waiver 
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose 
not to take any action for any reason. We may waive our 
right without notifying you. For example, we may waive 
your Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and 
without losing our right to charge them in the future. 
Assignment 
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of 
your and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, 
assign or transfer your Account or this Agreement to 
someone else without our written permission. 
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior 
notice to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our 
place under this Agreement. You must pay them and 
perform all of your obligations to them and not us. If you 
pay us after we notify you that we have transferred your 
Account or this Agreement, we can return the payment 
to you, forward the payment to the assignee, or handle it 
in another way that is reasonable. 
Glossary 
•“Access Check” means any check we send to you to 
access credit from your Account. We may also refer 
to an Access Check as a “convenience check” or a 
“purchase check”. 
•“Account” means your Card Account with us. 
•“Authorized User” means a person who may use the 
Card, but is not responsible for the repayment of the 
Account. 
•“Balance  Transfer” means a Transfer posted to the 
purchase Segment of your Account
 unless otherwise 
described in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
•“Billing  Cycle” means the period of time reflected on 
a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is 
approximately 30 days. You will have a 
Billing Cycle  
even if a Statement is not required. We will often 
specify a Billing Cycle by the month in which its closing 
date occurs. For example, a “March Billing Cycle” will 
have a closing date in March. We may also refer to 
a Billing Cycle as a “Billing Period”. If your Account  
balance has charged off, we may switch to quarterly 
Billing Cycles for your Account. 
•“Card”  means any Capital One credit card associated 
with your Account. This includes all renewals and 
substitutions. It also means any other access device 
for your Account we give you that allows you to obtain 
credit, including any 
Account number. 
•“Cash  Advance” means a loan in cash or things we 
consider cash equivalents, including wire transfers, 
travelers’ checks, money orders, foreign currency, 
lottery tickets, gaming chips, and wagers. We post 
Cash Advances to the Cash Advance Segment of your 
Account and not to your purchase Segment. 
• “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not 
based on the Annual Percentage Rates. 
•“Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account  
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates. 
•
  
 “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other 
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account. 
This includes any image of these instruments. This 
does not include an 
Access Check. 
• “Payment Card Network” means the network provider 
displayed on your Card. This may be Visa Inc., 
MasterCard International Incorporated, or any other 
network provider. 
•
 “Segments” means the different parts of your Account  
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, 
pricing, or other terms. We create these parts of your 
Account for such things as your purchases, Balance 
Transfers, Cash Advances and 
 Special Transfers. 
The sum of your Segment balances equals your total 
Account balance. 
• “Special Transfer” means a T
ransfer posted to a 
Segment of your Account that is not your purchase 
Segment or Cash Advance Segment. 
•“Statement” means a document showing important  
Account information, including all transactions billed to  
your Account during a Billing Cycle
 and information about  
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement  
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”. 
    
   
   
• “Transfers” means amounts transferred from other 
accounts to this Account
 and includes Balance 
Transfers and Special Transfers. 
•“Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that 
the federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z 
require for any Account. This includes your application 
and solicitation disclosures, 
Account opening 
disclosures, subsequent disclosures, Statements, and 
change in terms notices. 
© 2014 Capital One 
Capital One is a federally registered service mark.  
All rights reserved. 
BR281644 M-112861 6 COF Customer Agreement 305 

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for Consumer Cards-255667.pdf ===

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit Card Agreement for Consumer Cards in Capital One, N.A. 
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of December 31, 2022. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending 
on the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. Not all offers will contain introductory rates. 
The Customer Agreement contains important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. Please 
visit www.capitalone.com to view our online credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log in to your 
account if you would like to request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s). 
CAPITAL ONE PRICING INFORMATION 
Annual Percentage Rate
(APR) for Purchases 
Introductory rate of 0%, ranging from 9 months to 18 months. 
Non-introductory rates between 25.74% and 29.74%. 
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
APR for Transfers Non-introductory rates between 25.74% and 29.74%. 
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
APR for Cash Advances Non-introductory rates between 25.74% and 29.74%. 
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
Paying Interest Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you 
interest on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due 
date each month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and transfers on the 
transaction date. 
For Credit Card Tips from
the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau 
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, 
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at 
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. 
Annual Fee Between $0 and $39 annually. 
Transaction Fees 
• Transfer 3% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR 
that we may offer you. 
None for balances transferred at the Transfer APR. 
• Cash Advance Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. 
Penalty Fees 
• Late Payment Up to $40. 
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See “How  
Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below. 
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in “Your Billing Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD 
How Do You Calculate My Variable Rates?  Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates on the following segment(s) will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your January, April, July and 
October billing periods: Non-Introductory Purchase APR: Prime plus a margin between 18.24% and 22.24%; Non-Introductory 
Transfer APR: Prime plus a margin between 18.24% and 22.24%; Cash Advance APR: Prime plus a margin between 18.24% 
and 22.24%. Any increase in the Prime rate may increase your Interest Charges and your Minimum Payment. 
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Introductory Purchase 
APR is 0.00000%, Non-introductory Purchase APR is between 0.07052% and 0.08148%, Non-introductory Transfer APR is 
between 0.07052% and 0.08148%, and Cash Advance APR is between 0.07052% and 0.08148%. See “How Do You Calculate  
The Interest Charge?” section below. 
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each segment, 1) take the beginning balance and add in new 
transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits for that 
segment as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each segment. However, if you paid your previous month’s balance in 
full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which post to your purchase or special purchase segment
s 
are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a grace period are not added to the daily balances. 
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance: 1) add the daily balances together for each segment, and 
2) divide the sum by the 
number of days in the billing cycle. 
 
At the end of each billing cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for that segment, and 2) 
multiply the result by the number of days in the billing period. 
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, this calculation may vary from the interest charge actually assessed. 
©2022 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at 
www.capitalone.com. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Capital One® Customer Agreement 
Welcome to Capital One 
Thank you for opening a credit card account with us. 
This Customer Agreement including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”) contains the terms of your agreement 
with Capital One. 
Defnitions 
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in 
the Glossary section at the end of this Agreement. 
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant 
and co-applicant for the Account; any person 
responsible for paying the Account; and any person 
responsible for complying with this Agreement. 
“We,” “us,” “our,” and “Capital One” mean Capital 
One, National Association; and its agents, authorized 
representatives, successors, and assignees. 
Account Documents 
The following documents govern your Account with us: 
(1) this Agreement; 
(2) all Statements; 
(3) any rewards program terms, conditions, and disclosures; 
(4) any privacy notices; 
(5) your Card benefts brochure which describes 
benefts provided by the Payment Card Network for 
your Account; 
(6) all disclosures and materials provided to you before 
or when you opened your Account; 
(7) any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and 
(8) any future changes we make to any of the above. 
Please read these carefully and keep them for 
future reference. 
New Offers 
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that 
we think may interest you. The terms of these offers may 
differ from the standard terms on your Account. This 
Agreement will still apply. 
Account Information 
We need information about you to manage your 
Account. This includes: 
(1) your legal name; 
(2) a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address 
(if different); 
(3) your date of birth; 
(4) your Social Security number or other government 
identifcation number; 
(5) your telephone number(s); and 
(6) your employment and income information. 
You must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. 
We may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify 
your information, or if you do not provide it as requested. 
Credit Limits 
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limits. These will also appear on your Statement. We 
may also refer to your credit limits as your credit lines. 
We may give you different credit limits for the different 
Segments of your Account. For example, you may have 
one credit limit for purchases and a different one for 
Cash Advances. 
You are responsible for keeping track of your Segment 
balances and your available credit. You must manage 
your Account to remain below your credit limits. We may 
honor transactions above your credit limits, but if we do 
these transactions will not increase your credit limit. You 
are responsible for paying for any transaction you make 
above your credit limits. 
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your 
credit limit on any Segment at any time. This will not 
affect your obligation to pay us. 
Using Your Account 
(1) This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card or Account. It will continue to apply even after 
your Account is closed, as long as you have a balance. 
(2) You must sign the Card immediately when you 
receive it. 
(3) You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to. 
(4) You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card, Access Checks and 
Account. 
(5) We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account is not in default. 
(6) We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we 
do not authorize a transaction. 
(7) We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason. 
(8) Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable Segment of your 
Account. We will apply it against your available credit 
for that Segment. 
(9) You may obtain Cash Advances and Transfers as 
permitted for your Account. You may not use these to 
pay any amount you owe us or any other company in 
the Capital One organization. 
(10) You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any 
illegal activity. You are responsible for any charges if 
you do. 
(11) We are not liable for any losses that may result 
when our services are unavailable due to reasons 
beyond our control. 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rewards 
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to 
earn rewards. If it does, we will separately provide you 
with information and terms about the rewards. 
Access Checks 
We may provide you with Access Checks. If we do, we 
will tell you at the time if we consider them purchases, 
Cash Advances or Special Transfers. 
Only the person we designate may use Access Checks. 
You may not use them to pay any amount you owe us or 
any other company in the Capital One organization. We 
may reject and not pay any Access Check if: 
(1) your Account is past due, charged off, bankrupt, lost/ 
stolen or closed; 
(2) we suspect fraud; 
(3) your Account is over the credit limit; or 
(4) the check has expired, is damaged or cannot 
otherwise be processed. 
Our liability if we do not pay an Access Check will never 
be more than (1) your actual damages or (2) the amount 
of the Access Check
, whichever is less. 
Use of an Access Check is not the same as using your 
Card
. When you use an Access Check, you will have 
fewer rights to dispute merchant transactions than 
with uses of your Card. Please see the “Billing Rights 
Summary” on your Statement and your other Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures for more information. 
Stopping Payment of Access Checks 
You may request a stop payment on any Access Check 
by contacting Customer Service. 
We will have a reasonable amount of time after your 
stop payment request to research and complete the 
stop payment. We will not be responsible if we cannot 
complete the stop payment. Reasons include: 
(1) the Access Check was already paid; 
(2) you do not give us the information we asked for; or 
(3) the information you gave us was incorrect. 
We do not have to release the stop payment order unless 
the account holder who made the request asks us to. 
If we re-credit your Account after a valid stop payment 
order, you give us all of your rights against the payee or 
other holder of the paid Access Check. You also agree to 
help us in any legal action we may later take against the 
payee or other holder of the check. 
Using a PIN 
We may give you a personal identifcation number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card. 
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it 
to anyone, or keep it with your Card. If you lose your 
Card or believe the confdentiality of your PIN has 
been compromised for any reason, you must contact 
Customer Service immediately. 
2 
Authorized Users 
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, 
they are an Authorized User. We may require certain 
information about them. We may limit their ability to use 
your Card. They may have access to certain information 
about your Account. You will be responsible for their use 
of the Account and anyone else they allow to use your 
Account, even if you did not want, or agree to, that use. 
Removing an Authorized User 
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notifed us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. You 
will be responsible even if these amounts do not appear on 
your Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number. 
Your Promise to Pay 
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes. 
Statements 
We will generally send or make available to you one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of 
each Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law 
may not require us to send or make available to you a 
Statement, or may prohibit us from doing so. 
Disputed Transactions 
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and 
other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify 
us of an error, we will assume that all information on the 
Statement is correct. 
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also: 
(1) give us any information about the disputed 
transaction, if we ask; 
(2) not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the 
transaction amount from the merchant or any other 
person; and 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(3) help us get reimbursement from others. 
No Warranties 
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement. 
Lost or Stolen Card 
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without your 
permission, you must contact Customer Service immediately. 
You will not be responsible for transactions on your Account 
that we fnd are unauthorized. 
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you 
will help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement 
from the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us 
documents in a form that we request. 
Interest Charges and Fees 
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
from the day a transaction occurs. However, we will not 
charge you interest on any new transactions posted to the 
purchase Segment of your Account if you paid the total 
balance across all Segments of your Account in full by 
the due date on your Statement each month. From time 
to time, we may give you offers that allow you to pay less 
than the total balance and avoid Interest Charges on new 
purchase Segment transactions. If we do, we will provide 
details in the specifc offer. 
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specifed below. These Fees apply to 
your Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures 
provide for them. We may increase your Interest Charges 
and Fees as described in the Changes to Your Agreement 
section or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
Membership Fee 
If your Account has a membership Fee, we may charge 
the frst membership Fee either on the day you activate 
your Card or on the day when you use your Account, 
whichever occurs frst. If your Account terms include a 
$0 introductory Fee, we may charge the frst Fee when 
the introductory period ends. If it is an annual Fee, we 
may then charge it approximately once per year. If it is a 
monthly Fee, we may charge it each Billing Cycle. 
Late Payment Fee 
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive 
your payment as instructed on your Statement by the 
payment due date. 
Returned Payment Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time your fnancial 
institution for any reason rejects a payment you make to us. 
3 
Stop Payment Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time you ask us to 
(1) stop payment on an Access Check or (2) renew an 
existing stop payment order. 
Cash Advance Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time you take out a 
Cash Advance. We will treat this Fee as a Cash Advance 
transaction. 
Transfer Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time you make a 
Transfer. We will charge the Fee to the same Segment 
where we post the Transfer. 
Transactions Made in Foreign Currencies 
If you make a transaction in a foreign currency, the 
Payment Card Network will convert it into a U.S. dollar 
amount. The Payment Card Network will use its own 
currency conversion procedures. The conversion rate 
in effect on the processing date may differ from the rate 
in effect on the transaction date that appears on your 
Statement. We do not adjust the currency exchange rate 
or charge any currency conversion Fees. 
Minimum Payment 
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount 
by the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you: 
(1) the minimum payment due, 
(2) your new balance, 
(3) the payment due date, and 
(4) an explanation of when the payment must reach us 
for us to consider it received as of that date. 
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce 
your Account balance, but they will not change your 
minimum payment amount. 
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay 
all or part of the total balance on your Account. But, 
you must still pay at least the minimum payment 
amount each month, even if you paid more than the 
minimum payment due on the previous Statement. We 
will continue to charge Interest Charges during Billing 
Cycles when you carry a balance regardless of whether 
your Statement includes a minimum payment that is 
due. If your Account is 180 days past due, is part of a 
bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged off, the 
total balance is immediately due and payable. 
Making Payments 
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not 
make payments with funds from your Account or any 
other credit account with us or any other company in 
the Capital One organization. You must send mailed 
payments to us as instructed on your Statement, unless 
we tell you otherwise. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Other Payment Services 
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services. 
We are not responsible if your fnancial institution rejects 
a payment made using our payment services. 
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, 
we may provide that person with limited Account 
information necessary to set up and process that 
payment. We may also refuse to accept that payment. If 
we do accept it, you will be responsible for that payment 
even if a fnancial institution rejects it. 
Payment Processing 
We may accept and process payments without losing 
any of our rights. We may delay the availability of 
credit until we confrm that your payment has cleared. 
This may happen even if we credit your payment to 
your Account. We may resubmit and collect returned 
payments electronically. If necessary, we may adjust 
your Account to correct errors, process returned and 
reversed payments, and handle similar issues. 
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize 
us to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from 
your deposit account. You also authorize us to process 
the payment as an Item. We may withdraw the funds 
from your deposit account as early as the same day 
we receive your payment. You will not receive your 
Item back from your bank. We will provide additional 
information about this process on your Statement. 
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended. 
How We Apply Your Payments 
Your Account may have Segments with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). For example, purchases may 
have a lower APR than Cash Advances. If your Account 
has Segment balances with different APRs, here is how 
we apply payments in a Billing Cycle: 
(1) We generally apply credits and payments up to 
your minimum payment frst to the balance with the 
lowest APR, and then to balances with higher APRs. 
(2) We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest 
APR, and then to balances with lower APRs. 
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions, 
or Instructions 
You must mail all Items  bearing restrictive words, 
conditions, limitations, or special instructions to: 
Capital One 
PO Box 1330  
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330 
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications. 
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process 
it without losing any of our rights. 
Credit Balances 
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confrm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance. 
Account Default 
You will be in default if: 
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due; 
(2) any payment you make is rejected, not paid or 
cannot be processed; 
(3) you exceed a credit limit; 
(4) you fle or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding; 
(5) you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity; 
(6) we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us; 
(7) you do not comply with any term of this Agreement 
or any other agreement with us; or 
(8) you permanently reside outside the United States. 
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice: 
(1) charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on 
your Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures; 
(2) close or suspend your Account; 
(3) lower your credit limit(s); 
(4) demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account; 
(5) continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or 
(6) fle a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we fle a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts. 
Communications 
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated
4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account. 
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone 
number (including a mobile telephone number that 
you provide us), and use an automated telephone 
dialing system or similar device to do so. You agree that 
we may monitor or record any conversation or other 
communication with you. 
Credit Reports 
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, 
or other defaults on your Account may be refected in 
your credit report. Information we provide may appear 
on your and the Authorized Users’ credit reports. 
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate 
information about your Account to a credit bureau or 
other consumer reporting agency, notify us in writing at 
PO Box 30281, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0281. When 
you write, tell us the specifc information that you believe 
is incorrect and why you believe it is incorrect. 
We may obtain and use credit, income and other information 
about you from credit bureaus and others as the law allows. 
Closing or Suspending Your Account 
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close 
your Account. 
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default. 
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close 
or permanently suspend your Account, you must return 
or destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts 
you owe on the Account. 
Changes to Your Agreement 
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing 
so. We will give you notice of any changes as required 
by law. We may notify you of changes on your Statement 
or in a separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and 
how the changes will take effect. The notice will describe 
any rights you have in connection with the changes. 
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as 
the index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase 
your APRs for any other reason, or if we change your 
Fees or other terms of your Account, we will notify you 
as required by law. 
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement 
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offces in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part 
of this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts 
5 
will remain in effect. 
Waiver 
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose 
not to take any action for any reason. We may waive our 
right without notifying you. For example, we may waive 
your Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and 
without losing our right to charge them in the future. 
Assignment 
This Agreement will be binding on, and beneft, any of 
your and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, 
assign or transfer your Account or this Agreement to 
someone else without our written permission. 
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior 
notice to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our 
place under this Agreement. You must pay them and 
perform all of your obligations to them and not us. If you 
pay us after we notify you that we have transferred your 
Account or this Agreement, we can return the payment 
to you, forward the payment to the assignee, or handle it 
in another way that is reasonable. 
Glossary 
•“Access Check” means any check we send to you to 
access credit from your Account. We may also refer 
to an Access Check as a “convenience check” or a 
“purchase check”. 
•“Account” means your Card Account with us. 
•“Authorized User” means a person who may use the 
Card, but is not responsible for the repayment of the 
Account. 
•“Balance  Transfer” means a Transfer posted to the 
purchase Segment of your Account
 unless otherwise 
described in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
•“Billing  Cycle” means the period of time refected on 
a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is 
approximately 30 days. You will have a 
Billing Cycle  
even if a Statement is not required. We will often 
specify a Billing Cycle by the month in which its closing 
date occurs. For example, a “March Billing Cycle” will 
have a closing date in March. We may also refer to 
a Billing Cycle as a “Billing Period”. If your Account  
balance has charged off, we may switch to quarterly 
Billing Cycles for your Account. 
•“Card”  means any Capital One credit card associated 
with your Account. This includes all renewals and 
substitutions. It also means any other access device 
for your Account we give you that allows you to obtain 
credit, including any 
Account number. 
•“Cash  Advance” means a loan in cash or things we 
consider cash equivalents, including wire transfers, 
travelers’ checks, money orders, foreign currency, 
lottery tickets, gaming chips, and wagers. We post 
Cash Advances to the Cash Advance Segment of your 
Account and not to your purchase Segment. 
• “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not 
based on the Annual Percentage Rates. 
•“Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account  
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates. 
•
  
 “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other 
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account. 
This includes any image of these instruments. This 
does not include an 
Access Check. 
• “Payment Card Network” means the network provider 
displayed on your Card. This may be Visa Inc., 
MasterCard International Incorporated, or any other 
network provider. 
•
 “Segments” means the different parts of your Account  
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, 
pricing, or other terms. We create these parts of your 
Account for such things as your purchases, Balance 
Transfers, Cash Advances and 
 Special Transfers. 
The sum of your Segment balances equals your total 
Account balance. 
• “Special Transfer” means a T
ransfer posted to a 
Segment of your Account that is not your purchase 
Segment or Cash Advance Segment. 
•“Statement” means a document showing important  
Account information, including all transactions billed to  
your Account during a Billing Cycle
 and information about  
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement  
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”. 
    
   
   
• “Transfers” means amounts transferred from other 
accounts to this Account
 and includes Balance 
Transfers and Special Transfers. 
•“Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that 
the federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z 
require for any Account. This includes your application 
and solicitation disclosures, 
Account opening 
disclosures, subsequent disclosures, Statements, and 
change in terms notices. 
© 2014 Capital One 
Capital One is a federally registered service mark.  
All rights reserved. 
BR281644 M-112861 6 COF Customer Agreement 305 

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for Consumer Secured Cards.pdf-255665.pdf ===

   
Credit Card Agreement for Consumer Secured Cards in Capital One, N.A.
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending on 
the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. The Customer Agreement contains important 
information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. Please visit www.capitalone.com to view our online 
credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log in to your account if you would like to request the Credit 
Card Agreement for your account(s).
CAPITAL ONE PRICING INFORMATION 
Annual Percentage Rate 
(APR) for Purchases
29.49% - 29.74%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Transfers 29.49% - 29.74%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Cash Advances 29.49% - 29.74%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
Paying Interest Y
our due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge interest 
on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due date each 
month. W
e will begin charging interest on cash advances and transfers on the transaction date.
For Credit Card Tips from 
the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,  
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at  
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Annual Fee None.
Transaction Fees
• Transfer 3% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR 
that we may offer you.
None for balances transferred at the Transfer APR.
• Cash Advance Either $3 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Penalty Fees
• Late Payment Up to 
$40. 
How Do Y
ou Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See “How
 
Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?
” section below.
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in “Your Billing Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD
How Do You Calculate Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December
, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates on the following segment(s) will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your January, April, July 
and October billing periods: Purchase APR: Prime plus 21.99% - 22.24%; Transfer APR: Prime plus 21.99% - 22.24%; Cash 
Advance APR: Prime plus 21.99% - 22.24%%. Any increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your 
Minimum Payment.
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Purchase APR is 
0.08079% - 0.08148%, Transfer APR is 0.08079% - 0.08148%, and Cash Advance APR is 0.08079% - 0.08148%. See “How 
Do Y
ou Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below.
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge? We use a method called 
Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each segment, 1) take the beginning balance and add in new 
transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits for that 
segment as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each segment. However, if you paid your previous month’
s balance in 
full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which post to your purchase or special purchase segment
s 
are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a grace period are not added to the daily balances.
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance: 1) add the daily balances together for each segment, and 2) divide the sum by the 
number of days in the billing cycle.
At the end of each billing cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for that segment, and 2) multiply the result by the number of days in the billing period. 
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, this calculation may vary from the interest charge actually assessed. 
©2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www.capitalone.com.
Capital One Customer Agreement
Welcome to Capital One
Thank you for opening a credit card account with us. 
This Customer Agreement including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”) contains the terms of your agreement 
with Capital One.
Definitions
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in 
the Glossary section at the end of this Agreement.
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant 
and co-applicant for the Account; any person responsible 
for paying the Account; and any person responsible for 
complying with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and 
“Capital One” mean Capital One, National Association; 
and its agents, authorized representatives, successors, 
and assignees.
Account Documents
The following documents govern your Account with us:
(1) this Agreement; 
(2) all Statements; 
(3)  any rewards program terms, conditions, and disclosures;
(4) any privacy notices; 
(5) your Card benefits brochure which describes 
benefits provided by the 
Payment Card Network for 
your Account
; 
(6)  all disclosures and materials provided to you before 
or when you opened your Account;
(7)
  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and
(8) 
 any future changes we make to any of the above. 
Please read these carefully and keep them for  
future reference.
New Offers
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that 
we think may interest you. The terms of these offers may 
differ from the standard terms on your Account. This 
Agreement will still apply.
Account Information
We need information about you to manage your 
Account. This includes:
(1) your legal name;
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address 
(if different); 
(3) your date of birth;
(4)  
your Social Security number or other government 
identification number;
(5) your telephone number(s); and
(6) your employment and income information. 
Y
ou must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. 
We may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify 
your information, or if you do not provide it as requested.
Credit Limits
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limits. These will also appear on your Statement. We may 
also refer to your credit limits as your credit lines. We may 
give you different credit limits for the different Segments 
of your Account. For example, you may have one credit 
limit for purchases and a different one for Cash Advances. 
You are responsible for keeping track of your Segment 
balances and your available credit. You must manage 
your Account to remain below your credit limits. We may 
honor transactions above your credit limits, but if we do 
these transactions will not increase your credit limit. You 
are responsible for paying for any transaction you make 
above your credit limits.
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your 
credit limit on any Segment at any time. This will not 
affect your obligation to pay us. 
Using Your Account
(1) This Agreement applies whether or not you use your  
Card or Account. It will continue to apply even after 
your Account is closed, as long as you have a balance.
(2)
  You must sign the Card immediately when you 
receive it.
(3)  You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to.
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card, Access Checks
 and 
Account.
(5)  We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account is not in default.
(6) 
 We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we 
do not authorize a transaction.
(7)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason.
(8) 
 Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable Segment of your 
Account
. We will apply it against your available credit 
for that Segment.
(9)  You may obtain Cash Advances and Transfers as 
permitted for your Account. You may not use these to 
pay any amount you owe us or any other company in 
the Capital One organization.
(10)
  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any 
illegal activity. You are responsible for any charges if 
you do.
(11)
  We are not liable for any losses that may result 
when our services are unavailable due to reasons 
beyond our control.
Rewards
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to 
earn rewards. If it does, we will separately provide you 
with information and terms about the rewards.
1
Access Checks
We may provide you with Access Checks. If we do, we 
will tell you at the time if we consider them purchases, 
Cash Advances or Special Transfers. 
Only the person we designate may use Access Checks. 
You may not use them to pay any amount you owe us or 
any other company in the Capital One organization. We 
may reject and not pay any Access Check if:
(1)  your Account is past due, charged off, bankrupt, lost/
stolen or closed; 
(2)
 we suspect fraud;
(3) your Account is over the credit limit; or
(4)
  the check has expired, is damaged or cannot 
otherwise be processed.
Our liability if we do not pay an Access Check
 will never 
be more than (1) your actual damages or (2) the amount 
of the 
Access Check, whichever is less.
Use of an Access Check
 is not the same as using your 
Card. When you use an Access Check, you will have 
fewer rights to dispute merchant transactions than 
with uses of your Card. Please see the “Billing Rights 
Summary” on your Statement and your other Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures for more information.
Stopping Payment of Access Checks
You may request a stop payment on any Access Check 
by contacting contacting Customer Service.
We will have a reasonable amount of time after your 
stop payment request to research and complete the 
stop payment. We will not be responsible if we cannot 
complete the stop payment. Reasons include:
(1) the Access Check was already paid;
(2)  you do not give us the information we asked for; or
(3) the information you gave us was incorrect.
We do not have to release the stop payment order unless 
the account holder who made the request asks us to. 
If we re-credit your 
Account after a valid stop payment 
order, you give us all of your rights against the payee or 
other holder of the paid Access Check. You also agree to 
help us in any legal action we may later take against the 
payee or other holder of the check.
Using a PIN
We may give you a personal identification number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card.
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it 
to anyone, or keep it with your Card. If you lose your 
Card or believe the confidentiality of your PIN has 
been compromised for any reason, you must contact 
Customer Service immediately.
Authorized Users
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, 
they are an Authorized User. We may require certain 
information about them. We may limit their ability to use 
your Card. They may have access to certain information 
about your Account. You will be responsible for their use 
of the Account and anyone else they allow to use your 
Account, even if you did not want, or agree to, that use. 
Removing an Authorized User
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. You 
will be responsible even if these amounts do not appear on 
your Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number.
Your Promise to Pay
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes. 
Statements
We will generally send or make available to you one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of 
each Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law 
may not require us to send or make available to you a 
Statement, or may prohibit us from doing so.
Disputed Transactions
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and 
other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify 
us of an error, we will assume that all information on the 
Statement is correct. 
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also:
(1)  give us any information about the disputed 
transaction, if we ask;
(2)  not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the 
transaction amount from the merchant or any other 
person; and
(3) help us get reimbursement from others.
No Warranties
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
2
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement.
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without your 
permission, you must contact Customer Service immediately. 
You will not be responsible for transactions on your Account 
that we find are unauthorized.
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you 
will help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement 
from the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us 
documents in a form that we request. 
Interest Charges and Fees
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
from the day a transaction occurs. However, we will not 
charge you interest on any new transactions posted to the 
purchase Segment of your Account if you paid the total 
balance across all Segments of your Account in full by 
the due date on your Statement each month. From time 
to time, we may give you offers that allow you to pay less 
than the total balance and avoid Interest Charges on new 
purchase Segment transactions. If we do, we will provide 
details in the specific offer. 
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to 
your Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures 
provide for them. We may increase your Interest Charges 
and Fees as described in the Changes to Your Agreement 
section or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
Membership Fee
If your Account has a membership Fee, we may charge 
the first membership Fee either on the day you activate 
your Card or on the day when you use your Account, 
whichever occurs first. If your Account terms include a 
$0 introductory Fee, we may charge the first Fee when 
the introductory period ends. If it is an annual Fee, we 
may then charge it approximately once per year. If it is a 
monthly Fee, we may charge it each Billing Cycle.
Late Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive 
your payment as instructed on your Statement by the 
payment due date.
Returned Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time your financial 
institution for any reason rejects a payment you make to us.
Stop Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you ask us to 
(1) stop payment on an Access Check or (2) renew an 
existing stop payment order.
Cash Advance Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you take out a 
Cash Advance. We will treat this Fee as a Cash Advance 
transaction. 
Transfer Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you make a 
Transfer. We will charge the Fee to the same Segment 
where we post the T ransfer. 
Transactions Made in Foreign Currencies
If you make a transaction in a foreign currency, the 
Payment Card Network will convert it into a U.S. dollar 
amount. The Payment Card Network will use its own 
currency conversion procedures. The conversion rate 
in effect on the processing date may differ from the rate 
in effect on the transaction date that appears on your 
Statement. We do not adjust the currency exchange rate 
or charge any currency conversion Fees.
Minimum Payment
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount 
by the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you: 
(1) the minimum payment due,
(2) your new balance,
(3) the payment due date, and
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us 
for us to consider it received as of that date.
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce 
your Account balance, but they will not change your 
minimum payment amount.
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay 
all or part of the total balance on your 
Account. But, 
you must still pay at least the minimum payment 
amount each month, even if you paid more than the 
minimum payment due on the previous Statement. We 
will continue to charge Interest Charges during Billing 
Cycles when you carry a balance regardless of whether 
your Statement includes a minimum payment that is 
due. If your Account is 180 days past due, is part of a 
bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged off, the 
total balance is immediately due and payable.
Making Payments
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not 
make payments with funds from your Account or any 
other credit account with us or any other company in 
the Capital One organization. You must send mailed 
payments to us as instructed on your Statement, unless 
we tell you otherwise. 
Other Payment Services
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services. 
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects 
a payment made using our payment services.
3
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we 
may provide that person with limited Account information 
necessary to set up and process that payment. We may 
also refuse to accept that payment. If we do accept it, you 
will be responsible for that payment even if a financial 
institution rejects it. 
Payment Processing
We may accept and process payments without losing 
any of our rights. We may delay the availability of 
credit until we confirm that your payment has cleared. 
This may happen even if we credit your payment to 
your Account. We may resubmit and collect returned 
payments electronically. If necessary, we may adjust 
your Account to correct errors, process returned and 
reversed payments, and handle similar issues.
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize us to 
make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your deposit 
account. You also authorize us to process the payment as an 
Item. We may withdraw the funds from your deposit account 
as early as the same day we receive your payment. You will 
not receive your Item back from your bank. We will provide 
additional information about this process on your Statement. 
We may use the information from an Item to create 
an electronic image. We may collect and return the 
image electronically. This electronic image may also be 
converted to a substitute check and may be processed 
in the same way we would process an Item. We will 
not be responsible if an Item you provide has physical 
features that when imaged result in it not being 
processed as you intended. 
How We Apply Your Payments
Your Account may have Segments with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). For example, purchases may 
have a lower APR than Cash Advances. If your Account 
has Segment balances with different APRs, here is how 
we apply payments in a Billing Cycle: 
(1)  We generally apply credits and payments up to 
your minimum payment first to the balance with the 
lowest APR, and then to balances with higher APRs. 
(2)  We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest 
APR, and then to balances with lower APRs.
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions, 
or Instructions
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, 
conditions, limitations, or special instructions to:
Capital One 
PO Box 1330 
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications.
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process 
it without losing any of our rights.
Credit Balances
We may reject and return any payment that creates or 
adds to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit 
balance we allow will not be available until we confirm 
that your payment has cleared. We may reduce the 
amount of any credit balance by any new charges. You 
may write to the address provided on your Statement 
or call Customer Service to request a refund of any 
available credit balance.
Account Default
You will be in default if:
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due;
(2)  any payment you make is rejected, not paid or 
cannot be processed;
(3) you exceed a credit limit;
(4)  you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding;
(5)  you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity; 
(6)  we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us; 
(7)  you do not comply with any term of this Agreement 
or any other agreement with us;
(8)  you permanently reside outside the United States; or
(9)  we receive a garnishment, attachment or other levy 
upon the Security Account, or the Security Account 
is subject to any other legal proceeding.
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice:
 
(1)  charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on 
your Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures;
(2)
 close or suspend your Account;
(3) lower your credit limit(s);
(4)  demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account;
(5)  continue to charge you Interest Charges
 and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or
(6)  file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts.
Communications
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account.
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone number 
(including a mobile telephone number that you provide us), 
and use an automated telephone dialing system or similar 
4
device to do so. You agree that we may monitor or record 
any conversation or other communication with you. 
Credit Reports
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, 
or other defaults on your Account may be reflected in 
your credit report. Information we provide may appear 
on your and the Authorized Users’ credit reports.
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate 
information about your Account to a credit bureau or 
other consumer reporting agency, notify us in writing at 
PO Box 30281, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0281. When 
you write, tell us the specific information that you believe 
is incorrect and why you believe it is incorrect. 
We may obtain and use credit, income and other information 
about you from credit bureaus and others as the law allows. 
Closing or Suspending Your Account
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close 
your Account.
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default. 
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close 
or permanently suspend your Account, you must return 
or destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts 
you owe on the Account.
Changes to Your Agreement
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing 
so. We will give you notice of any changes as required 
by law. We may notify you of changes on your Statement 
or in a separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and 
how the changes will take effect. The notice will describe 
any rights you have in connection with the changes. 
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as 
the index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase 
your APRs for any other reason, or if we change your 
Fees or other terms of your Account, we will notify you 
as required by law.
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part 
of this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts 
will remain in effect.
Waiver
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose 
not to take any action for any reason. We may waive our 
right without notifying you. For example, we may waive 
your Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and 
without losing our right to charge them in the future. 
Assignment
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of 
your and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, 
assign or transfer your Account or this Agreement to 
someone else without our written permission. 
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior 
notice to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our 
place under this Agreement. You must pay them and 
perform all of your obligations to them and not us. If you 
pay us after we notify you that we have transferred your 
Account or this Agreement, we can return the payment 
to you, forward the payment to the assignee, or handle it 
in another way that is reasonable.
Security Agreement
You must provide a security deposit in U.S. dollars 
from a U.S. deposit account (the “Funds”) to secure 
the obligations to us that you incur in connection with 
your Account (“Obligations”). All Funds will be held in a 
Security Account. We will maintain separate records of 
your Security Account. The Security Account is insured 
by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) 
to the extent permitted by law. Subject to this Security 
Agreement, you will be the beneficial owner of the 
Security Account for purposes of FDIC insurance. We 
will not send statements for the Security Account.
We may allow you to add additional Funds to the Security 
Account in order to grant an increase of your credit limit. 
You may not withdraw Funds from the Security Account 
unless your Account is closed and paid to a $0 balance. 
We will not pay interest on the Security Account, unless 
we tell you we will in the secured credit Card offer. If 
we do pay interest on the Security Account, it will be 
deposited to the Security Account as proceeds of the 
Funds to further secure the Obligations.
You grant to us, as of the date you deliver Funds to us, a 
security interest in the Funds, any additions to the Funds, 
any proceeds of the Funds and any interest on any of these 
(collectively the “Collateral”) to secure your performance 
of the Obligations. You irrevocably and unconditionally 
relinquish possession and control over the Collateral, and 
you pledge and assign as security to us all of your right, title 
and interest in it. You must take any action we request to 
perfect or protect our first lien position security interest in 
the Collateral. You waive the benefit of any homestead or 
other exemptions in the Collateral.
If (1) you are in default of any Obligation under the 
Customer Agreement; or (2) your 
Account is closed for any 
reason, you authorize us to withdraw Collateral from the 
Security Account and apply such amounts to the Account 
without sending you notice or demand for payment. We 
may do this in addition to any other rights we have under 
the law or the Agreement. The application of Funds to your 
Account will not change your minimum payment amount. 
You are responsible for the repayment of any Obligation 
5
that is not satisfied by the application of Collateral. We may 
take up to 60 days to return any excess Collateral to you.
Legal Proceedings. 
(1)  You represent that (a) there are no current lawsuits
or bankruptcy proceedings that might affect our
interest in the Collateral; and (b) You have not
and will not attempt to transfer any interest in the
Collateral to any other person or offer the Collateral
as security for any other obligation.
(2) If any other person seeks to attach the Collateral, for 
example by legal garnishment, you agree that we may
deem the balance of the Account immediately payable
and apply the Collateral as payment of the Obligations.
(3)  If we must hire an attorney to defend or enforce our
rights under this Security Agreement or to perform
any legal services in connection with this Security
Agreement, You will pay our reasonable attorneys’
fees and court costs, unless the law does not allow
us to collect these amounts.
If there is no activity with respect to your Account
 for 
a prescribed period of time (generally five years), the 
Collateral may be presumed to have been abandoned 
and will escheat to and become the property of the 
Commonwealth of Virginia or another applicable state. If 
this happens, we will stop paying any interest on it. We 
will notify you if required by law prior to escheating any 
Collateral held under this Security Agreement.
Glossary
• “Access Check” means any check we send to you to
access credit from your Account. We may also refer
to an Access Check as a “convenience check” or a
“purchase check”.
•  “Account” means your Card Account with us.
• “Authorized User” means a person who may use the
Card,
 but is not responsible for the repayment of the
Account.
• “Balance Transfer” means a Transfer posted to the
purchase Segment of your Account unless otherwise
described in your
 T ruth-in-Lending Disclosures.
• “Billing Cycle” means the period of time reflected on
a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is
approximately 30 days. You will have a 
Billing Cycle even if
a Statement is not required. We will often specify a Billing
Cycle by the month in which its closing date occurs. For
example, a “March Billing Cycle” will have a closing date
in March. W
e may also refer to a Billing Cycle as a “Billing
Period”. If your Account balance has charged off, we may
switch to quarterly Billing Cycles for your Account.
• “Card” means any Capital One credit card associated
with your Account. This includes all renewals and
substitutions. It also means any other access device
for your Account we give you that allows you to obtain
credit, including any Account number.
• “Cash Advance” means a loan in cash or things we
consider cash equivalents, including wire transfers,
travelers’ checks, money orders, foreign currency,
lottery tickets, gaming chips, and wagers. We post
Cash Advances to the Cash Advance Segment of your
Account and not to your purchase 
Segment.
• “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not
based on the Annual Percentage Rates.
•
  “Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates.
• “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account.
This includes any image of these instruments. This
does not include an Access Check.
• “Payment Card Network” means the network provider
displayed on your Card. This may be Visa Inc.,
MasterCard International Incorporated, or any other
network provider
.
• “Segments” means the different parts of your Account we
may establish that are subject to unique APRs, pricing,
or other terms. We create these parts of your Account
for such things as your purchases, 
Balance Transfers,
Cash Advances and Special Transfers. The sum of your
Segment balances equals your total Account
 balance.
• “Special Transfer” means a Transfer posted to a
Segment of your Account that is not your purchase
Segment or Cash Advance Segment.
•    “Statement” means a document showing important
Account information, including all transactions billed to
your Account during a Billing Cycle
 and information about
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”
.
• “Transfers” means amounts transferred from other
accounts to this Account and includes Balance
Transfers and Special Transfers.
•   “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that the
federal T
ruth in Lending Act and Regulation Z require for
any Account. This includes your application and solicitation
disclosures, Account opening disclosures, subsequent
disclosures, Statements, and change in terms notices.
© 2022 Capital One
Capital One is a federally registered service mark.
 
All rights reserved.
6BR417709    M-135234 COF Customer Agreement 452

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for Consumer Secured Cards-255665_1068t000000iWgTcAAK.pdf ===

   
Credit Card Agreement for Consumer Secured Cards in Capital One, N.A.
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of December 31, 2022. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending 
on the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. The Customer Agreement contains important 
information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. Please visit www.capitalone.com to view our online 
credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log in to your account if you would like to request the Credit 
Card Agreement for your account(s).
CAPITAL ONE PRICING INFORMATION 
Annual Percentage Rate 
(APR) for Purchases
25.74% - 29.74%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Transfers 25.74% - 29.74%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Cash Advances 25.74% - 29.74%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
Paying Interest Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge interest 
on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due date each 
month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and transfers on the transaction date.
For Credit Card Tips from 
the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,  
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at  
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Annual Fee None.
Transaction Fees
• Transfer 3% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR 
that we may of
fer you.
None for balances transferred at the Transfer APR.
• Cash Advance Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater
. 
Penalty Fees
• Late Payment Up to $40
 . 
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See “
How 
Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below.
What Are My Billing Rights? 
Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in “Your Billing Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
THINGS 
YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD
How Do Y
ou Calculate Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates on the following segment(s) will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your January, April, July 
and October billing periods: Purchase APR: Prime plus 18.24% 
- 22.24%; Transfer APR: Prime plus 18.24% - 22.24%; Cash 
Advance APR: Prime plus 18.24% - 22.24%%. Any increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your 
Minimum Payment.
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest?
 The daily periodic rate for your Purchase APR is 
0.07052% 
- 0.08148%, Transfer APR is 0.07052% - 0.08148%, and Cash Advance APR is 0.07052% - 0.08148%. See “How 
Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below.
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge? 
We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each segment, 
1) take the beginning balance and add in new 
transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits for that 
segment as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each segment. However
, if you paid your previous month’s balance in 
full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which post to your purchase or special purchase segments 
are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a grace period are not added to the daily balances.
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance: 1) add the daily balances together for each segment, and 2) divide the sum by the 
number of days in the billing cycle.
At the end of each billing cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for that segment, and 2) multiply the result by the number of days in the billing period. 
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, this calculation may vary from the interest charge actually assessed. 
©2022 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www.capitalone.com.
Capital One Customer Agreement
Welcome to Capital One
Thank you for opening a credit card account with us. 
This Customer Agreement including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”) contains the terms of your agreement 
with Capital One.
Definitions
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in 
the Glossary section at the end of this Agreement.
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant 
and co-applicant for the Account; any person responsible 
for paying the Account; and any person responsible for 
complying with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and 
“Capital One” mean Capital One, National Association; 
and its agents, authorized representatives, successors, 
and assignees.
Account Documents
The following documents govern your Account with us:
(1) this Agreement; 
(2) all Statements; 
(3)  any rewards program terms, conditions, and disclosures;
(4) any privacy notices; 
(5) your Card benefits brochure which describes 
benefits provided by the 
Payment Card Network for 
your Account
; 
(6)  all disclosures and materials provided to you before 
or when you opened your Account;
(7)
  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and
(8) 
 any future changes we make to any of the above. 
Please read these carefully and keep them for  
future reference.
New Offers
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that 
we think may interest you. The terms of these offers may 
differ from the standard terms on your Account. This 
Agreement will still apply.
Account Information
We need information about you to manage your 
Account. This includes:
(1) your legal name;
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address 
(if different); 
(3) your date of birth;
(4)  
your Social Security number or other government 
identification number;
(5) your telephone number(s); and
(6) your employment and income information. 
Y
ou must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. 
We may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify 
your information, or if you do not provide it as requested.
Credit Limits
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limits. These will also appear on your Statement. We may 
also refer to your credit limits as your credit lines. We may 
give you different credit limits for the different Segments 
of your Account. For example, you may have one credit 
limit for purchases and a different one for Cash Advances. 
You are responsible for keeping track of your Segment 
balances and your available credit. You must manage 
your Account to remain below your credit limits. We may 
honor transactions above your credit limits, but if we do 
these transactions will not increase your credit limit. You 
are responsible for paying for any transaction you make 
above your credit limits.
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your 
credit limit on any Segment at any time. This will not 
affect your obligation to pay us. 
Using Your Account
(1) This Agreement applies whether or not you use your  
Card or Account. It will continue to apply even after 
your Account is closed, as long as you have a balance.
(2)
  You must sign the Card immediately when you 
receive it.
(3)  You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to.
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card, Access Checks
 and 
Account.
(5)  We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account is not in default.
(6) 
 We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we 
do not authorize a transaction.
(7)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason.
(8) 
 Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable Segment of your 
Account
. We will apply it against your available credit 
for that Segment.
(9)  You may obtain Cash Advances and Transfers as 
permitted for your Account. You may not use these to 
pay any amount you owe us or any other company in 
the Capital One organization.
(10)
  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any 
illegal activity. You are responsible for any charges if 
you do.
(11)
  We are not liable for any losses that may result 
when our services are unavailable due to reasons 
beyond our control.
Rewards
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to 
earn rewards. If it does, we will separately provide you 
with information and terms about the rewards.
1
Access Checks
We may provide you with Access Checks. If we do, we 
will tell you at the time if we consider them purchases, 
Cash Advances or Special Transfers. 
Only the person we designate may use Access Checks. 
You may not use them to pay any amount you owe us or 
any other company in the Capital One organization. We 
may reject and not pay any Access Check if:
(1)  your Account is past due, charged off, bankrupt, lost/
stolen or closed; 
(2)
 we suspect fraud;
(3) your Account is over the credit limit; or
(4)
  the check has expired, is damaged or cannot 
otherwise be processed.
Our liability if we do not pay an Access Check
 will never 
be more than (1) your actual damages or (2) the amount 
of the 
Access Check, whichever is less.
Use of an Access Check
 is not the same as using your 
Card. When you use an Access Check, you will have 
fewer rights to dispute merchant transactions than 
with uses of your Card. Please see the “Billing Rights 
Summary” on your Statement and your other Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures for more information.
Stopping Payment of Access Checks
You may request a stop payment on any Access Check 
by contacting contacting Customer Service.
We will have a reasonable amount of time after your 
stop payment request to research and complete the 
stop payment. We will not be responsible if we cannot 
complete the stop payment. Reasons include:
(1) the Access Check was already paid;
(2)  you do not give us the information we asked for; or
(3) the information you gave us was incorrect.
We do not have to release the stop payment order unless 
the account holder who made the request asks us to. 
If we re-credit your 
Account after a valid stop payment 
order, you give us all of your rights against the payee or 
other holder of the paid Access Check. You also agree to 
help us in any legal action we may later take against the 
payee or other holder of the check.
Using a PIN
We may give you a personal identification number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card.
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it 
to anyone, or keep it with your Card. If you lose your 
Card or believe the confidentiality of your PIN has 
been compromised for any reason, you must contact 
Customer Service immediately.
Authorized Users
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, 
they are an Authorized User. We may require certain 
information about them. We may limit their ability to use 
your Card. They may have access to certain information 
about your Account. You will be responsible for their use 
of the Account and anyone else they allow to use your 
Account, even if you did not want, or agree to, that use. 
Removing an Authorized User
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. You 
will be responsible even if these amounts do not appear on 
your Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number.
Your Promise to Pay
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes. 
Statements
We will generally send or make available to you one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of 
each Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law 
may not require us to send or make available to you a 
Statement, or may prohibit us from doing so.
Disputed Transactions
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and 
other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify 
us of an error, we will assume that all information on the 
Statement is correct. 
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also:
(1)  give us any information about the disputed 
transaction, if we ask;
(2)  not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the 
transaction amount from the merchant or any other 
person; and
(3) help us get reimbursement from others.
No Warranties
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
2
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement.
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without your 
permission, you must contact Customer Service immediately. 
You will not be responsible for transactions on your Account 
that we find are unauthorized.
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you 
will help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement 
from the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us 
documents in a form that we request. 
Interest Charges and Fees
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
from the day a transaction occurs. However, we will not 
charge you interest on any new transactions posted to the 
purchase Segment of your Account if you paid the total 
balance across all Segments of your Account in full by 
the due date on your Statement each month. From time 
to time, we may give you offers that allow you to pay less 
than the total balance and avoid Interest Charges on new 
purchase Segment transactions. If we do, we will provide 
details in the specific offer. 
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to 
your Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures 
provide for them. We may increase your Interest Charges 
and Fees as described in the Changes to Your Agreement 
section or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
Membership Fee
If your Account has a membership Fee, we may charge 
the first membership Fee either on the day you activate 
your Card or on the day when you use your Account, 
whichever occurs first. If your Account terms include a 
$0 introductory Fee, we may charge the first Fee when 
the introductory period ends. If it is an annual Fee, we 
may then charge it approximately once per year. If it is a 
monthly Fee, we may charge it each Billing Cycle.
Late Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive 
your payment as instructed on your Statement by the 
payment due date.
Returned Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time your financial 
institution for any reason rejects a payment you make to us.
Stop Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you ask us to 
(1) stop payment on an Access Check or (2) renew an 
existing stop payment order.
Cash Advance Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you take out a 
Cash Advance. We will treat this Fee as a Cash Advance 
transaction. 
Transfer Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you make a 
Transfer. We will charge the Fee to the same Segment 
where we post the T ransfer. 
Transactions Made in Foreign Currencies
If you make a transaction in a foreign currency, the 
Payment Card Network will convert it into a U.S. dollar 
amount. The Payment Card Network will use its own 
currency conversion procedures. The conversion rate 
in effect on the processing date may differ from the rate 
in effect on the transaction date that appears on your 
Statement. We do not adjust the currency exchange rate 
or charge any currency conversion Fees.
Minimum Payment
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount 
by the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you: 
(1) the minimum payment due,
(2) your new balance,
(3) the payment due date, and
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us 
for us to consider it received as of that date.
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce 
your Account balance, but they will not change your 
minimum payment amount.
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay 
all or part of the total balance on your 
Account. But, 
you must still pay at least the minimum payment 
amount each month, even if you paid more than the 
minimum payment due on the previous Statement. We 
will continue to charge Interest Charges during Billing 
Cycles when you carry a balance regardless of whether 
your Statement includes a minimum payment that is 
due. If your Account is 180 days past due, is part of a 
bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged off, the 
total balance is immediately due and payable.
Making Payments
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not 
make payments with funds from your Account or any 
other credit account with us or any other company in 
the Capital One organization. You must send mailed 
payments to us as instructed on your Statement, unless 
we tell you otherwise. 
Other Payment Services
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services. 
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects 
a payment made using our payment services.
3
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we 
may provide that person with limited Account information 
necessary to set up and process that payment. We may 
also refuse to accept that payment. If we do accept it, you 
will be responsible for that payment even if a financial 
institution rejects it. 
Payment Processing
We may accept and process payments without losing 
any of our rights. We may delay the availability of 
credit until we confirm that your payment has cleared. 
This may happen even if we credit your payment to 
your Account. We may resubmit and collect returned 
payments electronically. If necessary, we may adjust 
your Account to correct errors, process returned and 
reversed payments, and handle similar issues.
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize us to 
make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your deposit 
account. You also authorize us to process the payment as an 
Item. We may withdraw the funds from your deposit account 
as early as the same day we receive your payment. You will 
not receive your Item back from your bank. We will provide 
additional information about this process on your Statement. 
We may use the information from an Item to create 
an electronic image. We may collect and return the 
image electronically. This electronic image may also be 
converted to a substitute check and may be processed 
in the same way we would process an Item. We will 
not be responsible if an Item you provide has physical 
features that when imaged result in it not being 
processed as you intended. 
How We Apply Your Payments
Your Account may have Segments with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). For example, purchases may 
have a lower APR than Cash Advances. If your Account 
has Segment balances with different APRs, here is how 
we apply payments in a Billing Cycle: 
(1)  We generally apply credits and payments up to 
your minimum payment first to the balance with the 
lowest APR, and then to balances with higher APRs. 
(2)  We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest 
APR, and then to balances with lower APRs.
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions, 
or Instructions
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, 
conditions, limitations, or special instructions to:
Capital One 
PO Box 1330 
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications.
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process 
it without losing any of our rights.
Credit Balances
We may reject and return any payment that creates or 
adds to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit 
balance we allow will not be available until we confirm 
that your payment has cleared. We may reduce the 
amount of any credit balance by any new charges. You 
may write to the address provided on your Statement 
or call Customer Service to request a refund of any 
available credit balance.
Account Default
You will be in default if:
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due;
(2)  any payment you make is rejected, not paid or 
cannot be processed;
(3) you exceed a credit limit;
(4)  you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding;
(5)  you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity; 
(6)  we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us; 
(7)  you do not comply with any term of this Agreement 
or any other agreement with us;
(8)  you permanently reside outside the United States; or
(9)  we receive a garnishment, attachment or other levy 
upon the Security Account, or the Security Account 
is subject to any other legal proceeding.
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice:
 
(1)  charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on 
your Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures;
(2)
 close or suspend your Account;
(3) lower your credit limit(s);
(4)  demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account;
(5)  continue to charge you Interest Charges
 and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or
(6)  file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts.
Communications
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account.
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone number 
(including a mobile telephone number that you provide us), 
and use an automated telephone dialing system or similar 
4
device to do so. You agree that we may monitor or record 
any conversation or other communication with you. 
Credit Reports
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, 
or other defaults on your Account may be reflected in 
your credit report. Information we provide may appear 
on your and the Authorized Users’ credit reports.
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate 
information about your Account to a credit bureau or 
other consumer reporting agency, notify us in writing at 
PO Box 30281, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0281. When 
you write, tell us the specific information that you believe 
is incorrect and why you believe it is incorrect. 
We may obtain and use credit, income and other information 
about you from credit bureaus and others as the law allows. 
Closing or Suspending Your Account
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close 
your Account.
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default. 
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close 
or permanently suspend your Account, you must return 
or destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts 
you owe on the Account.
Changes to Your Agreement
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing 
so. We will give you notice of any changes as required 
by law. We may notify you of changes on your Statement 
or in a separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and 
how the changes will take effect. The notice will describe 
any rights you have in connection with the changes. 
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as 
the index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase 
your APRs for any other reason, or if we change your 
Fees or other terms of your Account, we will notify you 
as required by law.
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part 
of this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts 
will remain in effect.
Waiver
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose 
not to take any action for any reason. We may waive our 
right without notifying you. For example, we may waive 
your Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and 
without losing our right to charge them in the future. 
Assignment
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of 
your and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, 
assign or transfer your Account or this Agreement to 
someone else without our written permission. 
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior 
notice to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our 
place under this Agreement. You must pay them and 
perform all of your obligations to them and not us. If you 
pay us after we notify you that we have transferred your 
Account or this Agreement, we can return the payment 
to you, forward the payment to the assignee, or handle it 
in another way that is reasonable.
Security Agreement
You must provide a security deposit in U.S. dollars 
from a U.S. deposit account (the “Funds”) to secure 
the obligations to us that you incur in connection with 
your Account (“Obligations”). All Funds will be held in a 
Security Account. We will maintain separate records of 
your Security Account. The Security Account is insured 
by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) 
to the extent permitted by law. Subject to this Security 
Agreement, you will be the beneficial owner of the 
Security Account for purposes of FDIC insurance. We 
will not send statements for the Security Account.
We may allow you to add additional Funds to the Security 
Account in order to grant an increase of your credit limit. 
You may not withdraw Funds from the Security Account 
unless your Account is closed and paid to a $0 balance. 
We will not pay interest on the Security Account, unless 
we tell you we will in the secured credit Card offer. If 
we do pay interest on the Security Account, it will be 
deposited to the Security Account as proceeds of the 
Funds to further secure the Obligations.
You grant to us, as of the date you deliver Funds to us, a 
security interest in the Funds, any additions to the Funds, 
any proceeds of the Funds and any interest on any of these 
(collectively the “Collateral”) to secure your performance 
of the Obligations. You irrevocably and unconditionally 
relinquish possession and control over the Collateral, and 
you pledge and assign as security to us all of your right, title 
and interest in it. You must take any action we request to 
perfect or protect our first lien position security interest in 
the Collateral. You waive the benefit of any homestead or 
other exemptions in the Collateral.
If (1) you are in default of any Obligation under the 
Customer Agreement; or (2) your 
Account is closed for any 
reason, you authorize us to withdraw Collateral from the 
Security Account and apply such amounts to the Account 
without sending you notice or demand for payment. We 
may do this in addition to any other rights we have under 
the law or the Agreement. The application of Funds to your 
Account will not change your minimum payment amount. 
You are responsible for the repayment of any Obligation 
5
that is not satisfied by the application of Collateral. We may 
take up to 60 days to return any excess Collateral to you.
Legal Proceedings. 
(1)  You represent that (a) there are no current lawsuits
or bankruptcy proceedings that might affect our
interest in the Collateral; and (b) You have not
and will not attempt to transfer any interest in the
Collateral to any other person or offer the Collateral
as security for any other obligation.
(2) If any other person seeks to attach the Collateral, for 
example by legal garnishment, you agree that we may
deem the balance of the Account immediately payable
and apply the Collateral as payment of the Obligations.
(3)  If we must hire an attorney to defend or enforce our
rights under this Security Agreement or to perform
any legal services in connection with this Security
Agreement, You will pay our reasonable attorneys’
fees and court costs, unless the law does not allow
us to collect these amounts.
If there is no activity with respect to your Account
 for 
a prescribed period of time (generally five years), the 
Collateral may be presumed to have been abandoned 
and will escheat to and become the property of the 
Commonwealth of Virginia or another applicable state. If 
this happens, we will stop paying any interest on it. We 
will notify you if required by law prior to escheating any 
Collateral held under this Security Agreement.
Glossary
• “Access Check” means any check we send to you to
access credit from your Account. We may also refer
to an Access Check as a “convenience check” or a
“purchase check”.
•  “Account” means your Card Account with us.
• “Authorized User” means a person who may use the
Card,
 but is not responsible for the repayment of the
Account.
• “Balance Transfer” means a Transfer posted to the
purchase Segment of your Account unless otherwise
described in your
 T ruth-in-Lending Disclosures.
• “Billing Cycle” means the period of time reflected on
a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is
approximately 30 days. You will have a 
Billing Cycle even if
a Statement is not required. We will often specify a Billing
Cycle by the month in which its closing date occurs. For
example, a “March Billing Cycle” will have a closing date
in March. W
e may also refer to a Billing Cycle as a “Billing
Period”. If your Account balance has charged off, we may
switch to quarterly Billing Cycles for your Account.
• “Card” means any Capital One credit card associated
with your Account. This includes all renewals and
substitutions. It also means any other access device
for your Account we give you that allows you to obtain
credit, including any Account number.
• “Cash Advance” means a loan in cash or things we
consider cash equivalents, including wire transfers,
travelers’ checks, money orders, foreign currency,
lottery tickets, gaming chips, and wagers. We post
Cash Advances to the Cash Advance Segment of your
Account and not to your purchase 
Segment.
• “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not
based on the Annual Percentage Rates.
•
  “Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates.
• “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account.
This includes any image of these instruments. This
does not include an Access Check.
• “Payment Card Network” means the network provider
displayed on your Card. This may be Visa Inc.,
MasterCard International Incorporated, or any other
network provider
.
• “Segments” means the different parts of your Account we
may establish that are subject to unique APRs, pricing,
or other terms. We create these parts of your Account
for such things as your purchases, 
Balance Transfers,
Cash Advances and Special Transfers. The sum of your
Segment balances equals your total Account
 balance.
• “Special Transfer” means a Transfer posted to a
Segment of your Account that is not your purchase
Segment or Cash Advance Segment.
•    “Statement” means a document showing important
Account information, including all transactions billed to
your Account during a Billing Cycle
 and information about
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”
.
• “Transfers” means amounts transferred from other
accounts to this Account and includes Balance
Transfers and Special Transfers.
•   “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that the
federal T
ruth in Lending Act and Regulation Z require for
any Account. This includes your application and solicitation
disclosures, Account opening disclosures, subsequent
disclosures, Statements, and change in terms notices.
© 2022 Capital One
Capital One is a federally registered service mark.
 
All rights reserved.
6BR417709    M-135234 COF Customer Agreement 452

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for Consumer Secured Cards-255665_2068t000000iWgWhAAK.pdf ===

   
Credit Card Agreement for Consumer Secured Cards in Capital One, N.A.
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of December 31, 2022. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending 
on the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. The Customer Agreement contains important 
information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. Please visit www.capitalone.com to view our online 
credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log in to your account if you would like to request the Credit 
Card Agreement for your account(s).
CAPITAL ONE PRICING INFORMATION 
Annual Percentage Rate 
(APR) for Purchases
25.74% - 29.74%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Transfers 25.74% - 29.74%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Cash Advances 25.74% - 29.74%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
Paying Interest Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge interest 
on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due date each 
month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and transfers on the transaction date.
For Credit Card Tips from 
the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,  
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at  
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Annual Fee None.
Transaction Fees
• Transfer 3% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR 
that we may of
fer you.
None for balances transferred at the Transfer APR.
• Cash Advance Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater
. 
Penalty Fees
• Late Payment Up to $40
 . 
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See “
How 
Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below.
What Are My Billing Rights? 
Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in “Your Billing Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
THINGS 
YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD
How Do Y
ou Calculate Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates on the following segment(s) will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your January, April, July 
and October billing periods: Purchase APR: Prime plus 18.24% 
- 22.24%; Transfer APR: Prime plus 18.24% - 22.24%; Cash 
Advance APR: Prime plus 18.24% - 22.24%%. Any increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your 
Minimum Payment.
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest?
 The daily periodic rate for your Purchase APR is 
0.07052% 
- 0.08148%, Transfer APR is 0.07052% - 0.08148%, and Cash Advance APR is 0.07052% - 0.08148%. See “How 
Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below.
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge? 
We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each segment, 
1) take the beginning balance and add in new 
transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits for that 
segment as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each segment. However
, if you paid your previous month’s balance in 
full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which post to your purchase or special purchase segments 
are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a grace period are not added to the daily balances.
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance: 1) add the daily balances together for each segment, and 2) divide the sum by the 
number of days in the billing cycle.
At the end of each billing cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for that segment, and 2) multiply the result by the number of days in the billing period. 
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, this calculation may vary from the interest charge actually assessed. 
©2022 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www.capitalone.com.
Capital One Customer Agreement
Welcome to Capital One
Thank you for opening a credit card account with us. 
This Customer Agreement including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”) contains the terms of your agreement 
with Capital One.
Definitions
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in 
the Glossary section at the end of this Agreement.
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant 
and co-applicant for the Account; any person responsible 
for paying the Account; and any person responsible for 
complying with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and 
“Capital One” mean Capital One, National Association; 
and its agents, authorized representatives, successors, 
and assignees.
Account Documents
The following documents govern your Account with us:
(1) this Agreement; 
(2) all Statements; 
(3)  any rewards program terms, conditions, and disclosures;
(4) any privacy notices; 
(5) your Card benefits brochure which describes 
benefits provided by the 
Payment Card Network for 
your Account
; 
(6)  all disclosures and materials provided to you before 
or when you opened your Account;
(7)
  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and
(8) 
 any future changes we make to any of the above. 
Please read these carefully and keep them for  
future reference.
New Offers
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that 
we think may interest you. The terms of these offers may 
differ from the standard terms on your Account. This 
Agreement will still apply.
Account Information
We need information about you to manage your 
Account. This includes:
(1) your legal name;
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address 
(if different); 
(3) your date of birth;
(4)  
your Social Security number or other government 
identification number;
(5) your telephone number(s); and
(6) your employment and income information. 
Y
ou must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. 
We may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify 
your information, or if you do not provide it as requested.
Credit Limits
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limits. These will also appear on your Statement. We may 
also refer to your credit limits as your credit lines. We may 
give you different credit limits for the different Segments 
of your Account. For example, you may have one credit 
limit for purchases and a different one for Cash Advances. 
You are responsible for keeping track of your Segment 
balances and your available credit. You must manage 
your Account to remain below your credit limits. We may 
honor transactions above your credit limits, but if we do 
these transactions will not increase your credit limit. You 
are responsible for paying for any transaction you make 
above your credit limits.
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your 
credit limit on any Segment at any time. This will not 
affect your obligation to pay us. 
Using Your Account
(1) This Agreement applies whether or not you use your  
Card or Account. It will continue to apply even after 
your Account is closed, as long as you have a balance.
(2)
  You must sign the Card immediately when you 
receive it.
(3)  You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to.
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card, Access Checks
 and 
Account.
(5)  We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account is not in default.
(6) 
 We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we 
do not authorize a transaction.
(7)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason.
(8) 
 Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable Segment of your 
Account
. We will apply it against your available credit 
for that Segment.
(9)  You may obtain Cash Advances and Transfers as 
permitted for your Account. You may not use these to 
pay any amount you owe us or any other company in 
the Capital One organization.
(10)
  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any 
illegal activity. You are responsible for any charges if 
you do.
(11)
  We are not liable for any losses that may result 
when our services are unavailable due to reasons 
beyond our control.
Rewards
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to 
earn rewards. If it does, we will separately provide you 
with information and terms about the rewards.
1
Access Checks
We may provide you with Access Checks. If we do, we 
will tell you at the time if we consider them purchases, 
Cash Advances or Special Transfers. 
Only the person we designate may use Access Checks. 
You may not use them to pay any amount you owe us or 
any other company in the Capital One organization. We 
may reject and not pay any Access Check if:
(1)  your Account is past due, charged off, bankrupt, lost/
stolen or closed; 
(2)
 we suspect fraud;
(3) your Account is over the credit limit; or
(4)
  the check has expired, is damaged or cannot 
otherwise be processed.
Our liability if we do not pay an Access Check
 will never 
be more than (1) your actual damages or (2) the amount 
of the 
Access Check, whichever is less.
Use of an Access Check
 is not the same as using your 
Card. When you use an Access Check, you will have 
fewer rights to dispute merchant transactions than 
with uses of your Card. Please see the “Billing Rights 
Summary” on your Statement and your other Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures for more information.
Stopping Payment of Access Checks
You may request a stop payment on any Access Check 
by contacting contacting Customer Service.
We will have a reasonable amount of time after your 
stop payment request to research and complete the 
stop payment. We will not be responsible if we cannot 
complete the stop payment. Reasons include:
(1) the Access Check was already paid;
(2)  you do not give us the information we asked for; or
(3) the information you gave us was incorrect.
We do not have to release the stop payment order unless 
the account holder who made the request asks us to. 
If we re-credit your 
Account after a valid stop payment 
order, you give us all of your rights against the payee or 
other holder of the paid Access Check. You also agree to 
help us in any legal action we may later take against the 
payee or other holder of the check.
Using a PIN
We may give you a personal identification number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card.
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it 
to anyone, or keep it with your Card. If you lose your 
Card or believe the confidentiality of your PIN has 
been compromised for any reason, you must contact 
Customer Service immediately.
Authorized Users
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, 
they are an Authorized User. We may require certain 
information about them. We may limit their ability to use 
your Card. They may have access to certain information 
about your Account. You will be responsible for their use 
of the Account and anyone else they allow to use your 
Account, even if you did not want, or agree to, that use. 
Removing an Authorized User
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. You 
will be responsible even if these amounts do not appear on 
your Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number.
Your Promise to Pay
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes. 
Statements
We will generally send or make available to you one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of 
each Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law 
may not require us to send or make available to you a 
Statement, or may prohibit us from doing so.
Disputed Transactions
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and 
other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify 
us of an error, we will assume that all information on the 
Statement is correct. 
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also:
(1)  give us any information about the disputed 
transaction, if we ask;
(2)  not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the 
transaction amount from the merchant or any other 
person; and
(3) help us get reimbursement from others.
No Warranties
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
2
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement.
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without your 
permission, you must contact Customer Service immediately. 
You will not be responsible for transactions on your Account 
that we find are unauthorized.
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you 
will help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement 
from the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us 
documents in a form that we request. 
Interest Charges and Fees
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
from the day a transaction occurs. However, we will not 
charge you interest on any new transactions posted to the 
purchase Segment of your Account if you paid the total 
balance across all Segments of your Account in full by 
the due date on your Statement each month. From time 
to time, we may give you offers that allow you to pay less 
than the total balance and avoid Interest Charges on new 
purchase Segment transactions. If we do, we will provide 
details in the specific offer. 
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to 
your Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures 
provide for them. We may increase your Interest Charges 
and Fees as described in the Changes to Your Agreement 
section or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
Membership Fee
If your Account has a membership Fee, we may charge 
the first membership Fee either on the day you activate 
your Card or on the day when you use your Account, 
whichever occurs first. If your Account terms include a 
$0 introductory Fee, we may charge the first Fee when 
the introductory period ends. If it is an annual Fee, we 
may then charge it approximately once per year. If it is a 
monthly Fee, we may charge it each Billing Cycle.
Late Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive 
your payment as instructed on your Statement by the 
payment due date.
Returned Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time your financial 
institution for any reason rejects a payment you make to us.
Stop Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you ask us to 
(1) stop payment on an Access Check or (2) renew an 
existing stop payment order.
Cash Advance Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you take out a 
Cash Advance. We will treat this Fee as a Cash Advance 
transaction. 
Transfer Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you make a 
Transfer. We will charge the Fee to the same Segment 
where we post the T ransfer. 
Transactions Made in Foreign Currencies
If you make a transaction in a foreign currency, the 
Payment Card Network will convert it into a U.S. dollar 
amount. The Payment Card Network will use its own 
currency conversion procedures. The conversion rate 
in effect on the processing date may differ from the rate 
in effect on the transaction date that appears on your 
Statement. We do not adjust the currency exchange rate 
or charge any currency conversion Fees.
Minimum Payment
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount 
by the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you: 
(1) the minimum payment due,
(2) your new balance,
(3) the payment due date, and
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us 
for us to consider it received as of that date.
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce 
your Account balance, but they will not change your 
minimum payment amount.
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay 
all or part of the total balance on your 
Account. But, 
you must still pay at least the minimum payment 
amount each month, even if you paid more than the 
minimum payment due on the previous Statement. We 
will continue to charge Interest Charges during Billing 
Cycles when you carry a balance regardless of whether 
your Statement includes a minimum payment that is 
due. If your Account is 180 days past due, is part of a 
bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged off, the 
total balance is immediately due and payable.
Making Payments
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not 
make payments with funds from your Account or any 
other credit account with us or any other company in 
the Capital One organization. You must send mailed 
payments to us as instructed on your Statement, unless 
we tell you otherwise. 
Other Payment Services
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services. 
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects 
a payment made using our payment services.
3
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we 
may provide that person with limited Account information 
necessary to set up and process that payment. We may 
also refuse to accept that payment. If we do accept it, you 
will be responsible for that payment even if a financial 
institution rejects it. 
Payment Processing
We may accept and process payments without losing 
any of our rights. We may delay the availability of 
credit until we confirm that your payment has cleared. 
This may happen even if we credit your payment to 
your Account. We may resubmit and collect returned 
payments electronically. If necessary, we may adjust 
your Account to correct errors, process returned and 
reversed payments, and handle similar issues.
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize us to 
make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your deposit 
account. You also authorize us to process the payment as an 
Item. We may withdraw the funds from your deposit account 
as early as the same day we receive your payment. You will 
not receive your Item back from your bank. We will provide 
additional information about this process on your Statement. 
We may use the information from an Item to create 
an electronic image. We may collect and return the 
image electronically. This electronic image may also be 
converted to a substitute check and may be processed 
in the same way we would process an Item. We will 
not be responsible if an Item you provide has physical 
features that when imaged result in it not being 
processed as you intended. 
How We Apply Your Payments
Your Account may have Segments with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). For example, purchases may 
have a lower APR than Cash Advances. If your Account 
has Segment balances with different APRs, here is how 
we apply payments in a Billing Cycle: 
(1)  We generally apply credits and payments up to 
your minimum payment first to the balance with the 
lowest APR, and then to balances with higher APRs. 
(2)  We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest 
APR, and then to balances with lower APRs.
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions, 
or Instructions
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, 
conditions, limitations, or special instructions to:
Capital One 
PO Box 1330 
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications.
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process 
it without losing any of our rights.
Credit Balances
We may reject and return any payment that creates or 
adds to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit 
balance we allow will not be available until we confirm 
that your payment has cleared. We may reduce the 
amount of any credit balance by any new charges. You 
may write to the address provided on your Statement 
or call Customer Service to request a refund of any 
available credit balance.
Account Default
You will be in default if:
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due;
(2)  any payment you make is rejected, not paid or 
cannot be processed;
(3) you exceed a credit limit;
(4)  you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding;
(5)  you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity; 
(6)  we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us; 
(7)  you do not comply with any term of this Agreement 
or any other agreement with us;
(8)  you permanently reside outside the United States; or
(9)  we receive a garnishment, attachment or other levy 
upon the Security Account, or the Security Account 
is subject to any other legal proceeding.
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice:
 
(1)  charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on 
your Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures;
(2)
 close or suspend your Account;
(3) lower your credit limit(s);
(4)  demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account;
(5)  continue to charge you Interest Charges
 and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or
(6)  file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts.
Communications
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account.
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone number 
(including a mobile telephone number that you provide us), 
and use an automated telephone dialing system or similar 
4
device to do so. You agree that we may monitor or record 
any conversation or other communication with you. 
Credit Reports
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, 
or other defaults on your Account may be reflected in 
your credit report. Information we provide may appear 
on your and the Authorized Users’ credit reports.
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate 
information about your Account to a credit bureau or 
other consumer reporting agency, notify us in writing at 
PO Box 30281, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0281. When 
you write, tell us the specific information that you believe 
is incorrect and why you believe it is incorrect. 
We may obtain and use credit, income and other information 
about you from credit bureaus and others as the law allows. 
Closing or Suspending Your Account
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close 
your Account.
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default. 
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close 
or permanently suspend your Account, you must return 
or destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts 
you owe on the Account.
Changes to Your Agreement
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing 
so. We will give you notice of any changes as required 
by law. We may notify you of changes on your Statement 
or in a separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and 
how the changes will take effect. The notice will describe 
any rights you have in connection with the changes. 
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as 
the index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase 
your APRs for any other reason, or if we change your 
Fees or other terms of your Account, we will notify you 
as required by law.
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part 
of this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts 
will remain in effect.
Waiver
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose 
not to take any action for any reason. We may waive our 
right without notifying you. For example, we may waive 
your Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and 
without losing our right to charge them in the future. 
Assignment
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of 
your and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, 
assign or transfer your Account or this Agreement to 
someone else without our written permission. 
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior 
notice to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our 
place under this Agreement. You must pay them and 
perform all of your obligations to them and not us. If you 
pay us after we notify you that we have transferred your 
Account or this Agreement, we can return the payment 
to you, forward the payment to the assignee, or handle it 
in another way that is reasonable.
Security Agreement
You must provide a security deposit in U.S. dollars 
from a U.S. deposit account (the “Funds”) to secure 
the obligations to us that you incur in connection with 
your Account (“Obligations”). All Funds will be held in a 
Security Account. We will maintain separate records of 
your Security Account. The Security Account is insured 
by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) 
to the extent permitted by law. Subject to this Security 
Agreement, you will be the beneficial owner of the 
Security Account for purposes of FDIC insurance. We 
will not send statements for the Security Account.
We may allow you to add additional Funds to the Security 
Account in order to grant an increase of your credit limit. 
You may not withdraw Funds from the Security Account 
unless your Account is closed and paid to a $0 balance. 
We will not pay interest on the Security Account, unless 
we tell you we will in the secured credit Card offer. If 
we do pay interest on the Security Account, it will be 
deposited to the Security Account as proceeds of the 
Funds to further secure the Obligations.
You grant to us, as of the date you deliver Funds to us, a 
security interest in the Funds, any additions to the Funds, 
any proceeds of the Funds and any interest on any of these 
(collectively the “Collateral”) to secure your performance 
of the Obligations. You irrevocably and unconditionally 
relinquish possession and control over the Collateral, and 
you pledge and assign as security to us all of your right, title 
and interest in it. You must take any action we request to 
perfect or protect our first lien position security interest in 
the Collateral. You waive the benefit of any homestead or 
other exemptions in the Collateral.
If (1) you are in default of any Obligation under the 
Customer Agreement; or (2) your 
Account is closed for any 
reason, you authorize us to withdraw Collateral from the 
Security Account and apply such amounts to the Account 
without sending you notice or demand for payment. We 
may do this in addition to any other rights we have under 
the law or the Agreement. The application of Funds to your 
Account will not change your minimum payment amount. 
You are responsible for the repayment of any Obligation 
5
that is not satisfied by the application of Collateral. We may 
take up to 60 days to return any excess Collateral to you.
Legal Proceedings. 
(1)  You represent that (a) there are no current lawsuits
or bankruptcy proceedings that might affect our
interest in the Collateral; and (b) You have not
and will not attempt to transfer any interest in the
Collateral to any other person or offer the Collateral
as security for any other obligation.
(2) If any other person seeks to attach the Collateral, for 
example by legal garnishment, you agree that we may
deem the balance of the Account immediately payable
and apply the Collateral as payment of the Obligations.
(3)  If we must hire an attorney to defend or enforce our
rights under this Security Agreement or to perform
any legal services in connection with this Security
Agreement, You will pay our reasonable attorneys’
fees and court costs, unless the law does not allow
us to collect these amounts.
If there is no activity with respect to your Account
 for 
a prescribed period of time (generally five years), the 
Collateral may be presumed to have been abandoned 
and will escheat to and become the property of the 
Commonwealth of Virginia or another applicable state. If 
this happens, we will stop paying any interest on it. We 
will notify you if required by law prior to escheating any 
Collateral held under this Security Agreement.
Glossary
• “Access Check” means any check we send to you to
access credit from your Account. We may also refer
to an Access Check as a “convenience check” or a
“purchase check”.
•  “Account” means your Card Account with us.
• “Authorized User” means a person who may use the
Card,
 but is not responsible for the repayment of the
Account.
• “Balance Transfer” means a Transfer posted to the
purchase Segment of your Account unless otherwise
described in your
 T ruth-in-Lending Disclosures.
• “Billing Cycle” means the period of time reflected on
a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is
approximately 30 days. You will have a 
Billing Cycle even if
a Statement is not required. We will often specify a Billing
Cycle by the month in which its closing date occurs. For
example, a “March Billing Cycle” will have a closing date
in March. W
e may also refer to a Billing Cycle as a “Billing
Period”. If your Account balance has charged off, we may
switch to quarterly Billing Cycles for your Account.
• “Card” means any Capital One credit card associated
with your Account. This includes all renewals and
substitutions. It also means any other access device
for your Account we give you that allows you to obtain
credit, including any Account number.
• “Cash Advance” means a loan in cash or things we
consider cash equivalents, including wire transfers,
travelers’ checks, money orders, foreign currency,
lottery tickets, gaming chips, and wagers. We post
Cash Advances to the Cash Advance Segment of your
Account and not to your purchase 
Segment.
• “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not
based on the Annual Percentage Rates.
•
  “Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates.
• “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account.
This includes any image of these instruments. This
does not include an Access Check.
• “Payment Card Network” means the network provider
displayed on your Card. This may be Visa Inc.,
MasterCard International Incorporated, or any other
network provider
.
• “Segments” means the different parts of your Account we
may establish that are subject to unique APRs, pricing,
or other terms. We create these parts of your Account
for such things as your purchases, 
Balance Transfers,
Cash Advances and Special Transfers. The sum of your
Segment balances equals your total Account
 balance.
• “Special Transfer” means a Transfer posted to a
Segment of your Account that is not your purchase
Segment or Cash Advance Segment.
•    “Statement” means a document showing important
Account information, including all transactions billed to
your Account during a Billing Cycle
 and information about
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”
.
• “Transfers” means amounts transferred from other
accounts to this Account and includes Balance
Transfers and Special Transfers.
•   “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that the
federal T
ruth in Lending Act and Regulation Z require for
any Account. This includes your application and solicitation
disclosures, Account opening disclosures, subsequent
disclosures, Statements, and change in terms notices.
© 2022 Capital One
Capital One is a federally registered service mark.
 
All rights reserved.
6BR417709    M-135234 COF Customer Agreement 452

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for Key Rewards Card.pdf-255650.pdf ===

Credit Card Agreement for Williams Sonoma Key Rewards Card, Pottery Barn Key 
Rewards Card, West Elm Key Rewards Card, Key Rewards Card in Capital One, N.A.
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending on 
the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. Not all offers will contain introductory rates. The 
Customer Agreement contains important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. Please 
visit www.capitalone.com to view our online credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log in to your 
account if you would like to request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s).
Annual Percentage Rate
Annual Percentage Rate
(APR) for Purchases
31.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
How to Avoid Paying
Interest on Purchases
Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you 
interest on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due date 
each month.
For Credit Card Tips from
the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,  
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Fees
Annual Fee None.
Penalty Fees
• Late Payment Up to $40.
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See 
“How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below.
What Are My “Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other T
ruth-in-Lending Disclosures.
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD
How Do 
You Calculate My Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your Billing Cycle which begins in January, April, July and 
October: Purchase APR: Prime plus 23.74%. Any increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your 
Minimum Payment.
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Purchase APR is 
0.08559%. See “How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below.
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each Credit Plan, 1) take the beginning balance and add in new 
transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits for 
that Credit Plan as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each Credit Plan. However
, if you paid your previous month’s 
non-promotional balance in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which post to your purchase 
or special purchase Credit 
Plan are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a grace period are not added 
to the daily balances.
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance: 1) 
add the daily balances together for each Credit Plan, and 2) 
divide the sum by the 
number of days in the Billing Cycle.
At the end of each billing cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for that Credit Plan, and 2) multiply the result by the number of days in the billing 
period. We add the Interest Charges for all Credit Plans together. The result is your total Interest Charge for the Billing Cycle.
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum Interest Charge, this calculation may vary from the Interest Charge actually assessed.
© 2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www
.capitalone.com.
Capital One Customer Agreement
Welcome to Capital One
Thank you for opening a credit card account with us. 
This Customer Agreement, including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”), contains the terms of your agreement with 
Capital One.
Definitions
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in the 
Glossary section at the end of this Agreement.
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant and co-
applicant for the Account; any person responsible for paying 
the Account; and any person responsible for complying 
with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and “Capital One” 
mean Capital One, National Association; and its agents, 
authorized representatives, successors, and assignees.
Account Documents
The following documents govern your Account with us:
(1) this Agreement;
(2) all Statements;
(3) any privacy notices;
(4)  all disclosures and materials provided to you before or 
when you opened your Account;
(5)  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and
(6)  any future changes we make to any of the above.
Please read these carefully and keep them for  
future reference.
New Offers
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that we 
think may interest you. The terms of these offers may differ 
from the standard terms on your Account. This Agreement 
will still apply.
Account Information
We need information about you to manage your Account. 
This includes:
(1) your legal name;
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address  
(if different);
(3) your date of birth;
(4)  your Social Security number or other government 
identification number we accept;
(5)  your telephone number(s); and
(6) your employment and income information.
Y
ou must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. We 
may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify your 
information, or if you do not provide it as requested.
Credit Limit
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limit. This will also appear on your Statement. We may also 
refer to your credit limit as your credit line. 
You are responsible for keeping track of your balance and 
your available credit. You must manage your Account to 
remain below your credit limit. We may honor transactions 
above your credit limit, but if we do these transactions 
will not increase your credit limit. You are responsible for 
paying for any transaction you make above your credit limit.
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your 
credit limit at any time. This will not affect your obligation to 
pay us.
Using Your Account
(1)  This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card or Account. It will continue to apply even after your 
Account is closed, as long as you have a balance.
(2)  You must sign the Card immediately when you receive it.
(3)  You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to.
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card and Account.
(5)  We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account is not in default.
(6)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we do 
not authorize a transaction.
(7)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason.
(8)  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any illegal 
activity. You are responsible for any charges if you do.
(9)  We are not liable for any losses that may result when 
our services are unavailable due to reasons beyond  
our control.
(10)  You may use your Account for purchases at 
participating retail locations that accept the Card.
Promotional Credit Plans
From time to time, we may offer one or more promotional 
Credit Plans prior to, or at the time of, your purchase. 
Only certain purchases may be eligible for promotional 
Credit Plans. These Credit Plans may have special 
repayment terms and are conditioned on your timely 
payment of at least the required payment amount each 
Billing Cycle.
1. Waived Interest Charge — With this plan there are no 
Interest Charges on your purchase for a specified period.
2. Reduced Rate — With this plan, you will receive a 
reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) on your 
purchase for a specified period.
Authorized Users
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, they are 
an Authorized User. We may require certain information 
about them. We may limit their ability to use your Card. 
They may have access to certain information about your 
Account. You will be responsible for their use of the 
Account and anyone else they allow to use your Account, 
even if you did not want, or agree to, that use.
Removing an Authorized User
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. 
You will be responsible even if these amounts do not 
appear on your Account until later. Authorized Users may 
1
remove themselves from your Account upon request. We 
reserve the right to remove them from your Account for any 
reason. To remove them from your Account, we may close 
your existing Account and issue a new Card with a new 
Account number.
Your Promise to Pay
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes.
Statements
We will generally send, or make available to you, one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of each 
Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law may not 
require us to send, or make available to you, a Statement, 
or may prohibit us from doing so.
Disputed Transactions
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described in 
the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other 
Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify us of an 
error, we will assume that all information on the Statement 
is correct.
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also:
(1) 
 
 
 give us any information about the disputed transaction, 
if we ask;
(2)  not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the 
transaction amount from the merchant or any other 
person; and
(3) help us get reimbursement from others.
No Warranties
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement.
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without 
your permission, you must contact Customer Service 
immediately. You will not be responsible for transactions on 
your Account that we find are unauthorized.
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you will 
help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement from 
the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us documents in a 
form that we request.
Interest Charges and Fees
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
on any unpaid amount from the date of the transaction, date 
the transaction is processed or the first day of the Billing 
Cycle. However, we will not charge you interest on any 
new transactions posted to your Account if you pay your 
“New Balance” in full by the due date on your Statement 
each month. If you did not pay your “New Balance” in full 
when due for a Billing Cycle, interest will continue to accrue 
between the time that we calculate your “New Balance,” 
as reflected on your Statement, and when we receive your 
payment. This interest will post on your next Statement. 
That is why if you start accruing Interest Charges, you 
generally must pay your “New Balance” in full for two 
consecutive Billing Cycles before Interest Charges stop 
posting to your Statement. If you have a Waived Interest 
Charge or Reduced Rate Credit Plan balance, we will 
exclude that promotional plan balance from the amount you 
must pay in full to avoid Interest Charges. However, you 
must still pay the full non-promotional purchase Credit Plan 
balance displayed on your Statement each month, plus any 
minimum payment due appearing on your Statement.
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to your 
Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures provide 
for them. We may increase your Interest Charges and Fees 
as described in the Changes to Your Agreement section 
or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
Late Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive your 
payment as instructed on your Statement by the payment 
due date.
Minimum Payment
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount by 
the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you:
(1) 
 
 
the minimum payment due,
(2)
your new balance,
(3) the payment due date, and
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us for 
us to consider it received as of that date.
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce your 
Account balance, but they will not change your minimum 
payment amount. 
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay all or 
part of the total balance on your Account. But, you must 
still pay at least the minimum payment amount each month, 
even if you paid more than the minimum payment due on 
the previous Statement. We will continue to charge Interest 
Charges during Billing Cycles when you carry a balance 
regardless of whether your Statement includes a minimum 
payment that is due. If your Account is 180 days past due, 
is part of a bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged 
off, the total balance is immediately due and payable.
Making Payments
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not make 
payments with funds from your Account or any other credit 
account with us or any other company in the Capital One 
organization. You must send mailed payments to us as 
instructed on your Statement, unless we tell you otherwise.
Other Payment Services
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services.
2
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects a 
payment made using our payment services.
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we 
may provide that person with limited Account information 
necessary to set up and process that payment. We may 
also refuse to accept that payment. If we do accept it, you 
will be responsible for that payment even if a financial 
institution rejects it.
Payment Processing
We may accept and process payments without losing any 
of our rights. We may delay the availability of credit until we 
confirm that your payment has cleared. This may happen 
even if we credit your payment to your Account. We may 
resubmit and collect returned payments electronically. If 
necessary, we may adjust your Account to correct errors, 
process returned and reversed payments, and handle 
similar issues.
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize 
us to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your 
deposit account. You also authorize us to process the 
payment as an Item. We may withdraw the funds from 
your deposit account as early as the same day we receive 
your payment. You will not receive your Item back from 
your bank. We will provide additional information about this 
process on your Statement.
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended.
How We Apply Your Payments
Your Account may have Credit Plans with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). If your Account has Credit 
Plan balances with different APRs, here is how we apply 
payments in a Billing Cycle:
(1) 
 
 W
e generally apply credits and payments up to your 
minimum payment first to the balance with the lowest 
APR, and then to balances with higher APRs.
(2)  W
e apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest APR, 
and then to balances with lower APRs.
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions,  
or Instructions
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, conditions, 
limitations, or special instructions to:
Capital One  
P.O. Box 1330
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar language. 
This also includes all accompanying communications.
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process it 
without losing any of our rights.
Credit Balances
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance.
Account Default
You will be in default if:
(1)  you do not make any payment when it is due;
(2) 
 any payment you make is rejected, not paid or cannot 
be processed;
(3) 
 you exceed your credit limit;
(4) 
 you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding;
(5) 
 you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity;
(6) 
 we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us;
(7) 
 you do not comply with any term of this Agreement or 
any other agreement with us; or
(8) 
 you permanently reside outside the United States.
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice:
(1) 
 charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on your 
Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures;
(2)  close or suspend your Account;
(3)  lower your credit limit(s);
(4) 
 demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account;
(5) 
 continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or
(6)  file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts.
Communications
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account.
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone number 
(including a mobile telephone number that you provide us), 
and use an automated telephone dialing system or similar 
device to do so. You agree that we may monitor or record 
any conversation or other communication with you.
Credit Reports
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, or 
other defaults on your Account may be reflected in your 
credit report. Information we provide may appear on your 
and the Authorized Users’ credit reports.
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate information 
about your Account to a credit bureau or other consumer 
reporting agency, notify us in writing at Attn: Credit Bureau 
Disputes, Capital One, P.O. Box 31293, Salt Lake City, 
UT 84131-1293. When you write, tell us the specific 
information that you believe is incorrect and why you 
believe it is incorrect.
3
We may obtain and use credit, income and other 
information about you from credit bureaus and others as 
the law allows.
Closing or Suspending Your Account
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close 
your Account.
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default.
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close or 
permanently suspend your Account, you must return or 
destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts you 
owe on the Account.
Changes to Your Agreement
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing so. 
We will give you notice of any changes as required by law. 
We may notify you of changes on your Statement or in a 
separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and how the 
changes will take effect. The notice will describe any rights 
you have in connection with the changes.
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as 
the index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase your 
APRs for any other reason, or if we change your Fees or 
other terms of your Account, we will notify you as required 
by law.
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part of 
this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts will 
remain in effect.
Waiver
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose not 
to take any action for any reason. We may waive our right 
without notifying you. For example, we may waive your 
Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and without 
losing our right to charge them in the future.
Assignment
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of your 
and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, assign 
or transfer your Account or this Agreement to someone else 
without our written permission.
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior notice 
to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our place under 
this Agreement. You must pay them and perform all of your 
obligations to them and not us. If you pay us after we notify 
you that we have transferred your Account or this Agreement, 
we can return the payment to you, forward the payment to the 
assignee, or handle it in another way that is reasonable.
Glossary
• “Account” means your Card Account with us.
•  “Authorized User” means a person who may use the
Card
, but is not responsible for the repayment of the
Account.
•  “Billing 
Cycle” means the period of time reflected
on a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is
approximately 30 days. You will have a Billing Cycle
even if a Statement is not required. We will often specify
a Billing Cycle by the month in which its closing date
occurs. For example, a “March Billing Cycle” will have a
closing date in March. We may also refer to a Billing Cycle
as a “Billing Period”. If your Account balance has charged
off, we may switch to quarterly Billing Cycles for your
Account.
•
 “Card” means any Pottery Barn, W
est Elm, Williams
Sonoma, or Key Rewards credit card associated with your
Account. This includes all renewals and substitutions. It
also means any other access device for your Account we
give you that allows you to obtain credit, including any
Account number.
•
 “Credit 
Plans” mean the different parts of your Account
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, pricing,
or other terms. The sum of your Credit Plan balances
equals your total Account balance.
•
 “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account
 not
based on the Annual Percentage Rates.
•  “Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates.
•  “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account
. This
includes any image of these instruments. This does not
include an Access Check.
•
 “Statement” means a document showing important
Account
 information, including all transactions billed to
your Account during a Billing Cycle and information about
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”.
•
 “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures
that the federal 
Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z
require for any Account. This includes your application
and solicitation disclosures, Account opening disclosures,
subsequent disclosures, Statements, and change in terms
notices.
4
© 2021 Capital One
Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved.
BR414371 M-133472 4     COF Customer Agreement 443

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for Key Rewards Visa.pdf-255646.pdf ===

Credit Card Agreement for Williams Sonoma Key Rewards Visa, Pottery Barn Key 
Rewards Visa, West Elm Key Rewards Visa, Key Rewards Visa in Capital One, N.A. 
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending on 
the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. Not all offers will contain introductory rates. The 
Customer Agreement contains important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. Please 
visit 
www.capitalone.com to view our online credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log in to your 
account if you would like to request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s). 
Annual Percentage Rate 
Annual Percentage Rate 
(APR) for Purchases
29.24%. 
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
APR for Transfers 29.24%. 
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
APR for Cash Advances 29.24%. 
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
Paying Interest Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest 
on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due date each 
month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and transfers on the transaction date. 
For Credit Card Tips from 
the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau 
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,  
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at 
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. 
Fees 
Annual Fee None. 
Transaction Fees 
• Transfer 3% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR 
that we may offer you. 
None for balances transferred at the Balance Transfer APR.  
• Cash Advance Either $3 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. 
Penalty Fees 
• Late Payment Up to $40. 
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See 
“How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section. 
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD 
How Do You Calculate My Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your Billing Cycle which begins in January, April, July and 
October: Purchase APR: Prime plus 21.74%; Transfer APR: Prime plus 21.74%; Cash Advance APR: Prime plus 21.74%. Any 
increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your Minimum Payment. 
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Purchase APR is 0.08011%, 
Transfer APR is 0.08011%, and Cash Advance APR is 0.08011%. See “
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section. 
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). Under 
this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each Credit Plan, we, 
1) take the beginning balance and add in new transactions 
and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits for that Credit Plan as of 
that day. The result is the daily balance for each Credit Plan. However, if you paid your previous month’s non-promotional purchases 
balance in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which post to your purchase or special purchase 
Credit Plans are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a grace period are not added to the daily balances. 
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance: 1) add the daily balances together for each Credit Plan, and 2) divide the sum by the 
number of days in the Billing Cycle. 
At the end of each Billing Cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for each Credit Plan, and 2) multiply the result by the number of days in the billing 
period. We add the Interest Charges for all Credit Plans together. The result is your total Interest Charge for the Billing Cycle. 
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum Interest Charge, this calculation may vary from the Interest Charge actually assessed. 
©2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www.capitalone.com.
Capital One Customer Agreement 
Welcome to Capital One 
This Customer Agreement, including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”), contains the terms of your agreement with 
Capital One. 
Definitions 
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in the 
Glossary section at the end of this Agreement. 
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant and co-
applicant for the Account; any person responsible for paying 
the Account; and any person responsible for complying 
with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and “Capital One” 
mean Capital One, National Association; and its agents, 
authorized representatives, successors, and assignees. 
“Williams Sonoma Retailers” means Williams Sonoma, 
Pottery Barn, Pottery Barn Kids, Pottery Barn Teen, West 
Elm, or Mark & Graham retail locations operating within 
the United States, online websites or telephone order 
centers. “Williams Sonoma brand Visa” means Williams 
Sonoma Key Rewards Visa, Pottery Barn Key Rewards 
Visa, West Elm Key Rewards Visa or Key Rewards Visa. If 
your Williams Sonoma brand Visa is accepted in Williams 
Sonoma retailers operating outside the United States, these 
will be considered non-Williams Sonoma purchases. 
Account Documents 
The following documents govern your Account with us: 
(1)  
 
 
this Agreement; 
(2) all Statements; 
(3) any privacy notices; 
(4)  your Card benefits brochure which describes benefits 
provided by the Payment Card Network for your Account; 
(5) 
 
 
 all disclosures and materials provided to you before or 
when you opened your Account; 
(6)  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and 
(7)  any future changes we make to any of the above. 
Please read these carefully and keep them for  
future reference. 
New Offers 
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that we 
think may interest you. The terms of these offers may differ 
from the standard terms on your Account. This Agreement 
will still apply. 
Account Information 
We need information about you to manage your Account. 
This includes: 
((1) your legal name; 
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address  
(if different); 
(3) your date of birth; 
(4)  your Social Security number or other government 
identification number we accept; 
(5)  your telephone number(s); and 
(6) your employment and income information. 
You must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. We 
may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify your 
information, or if you do not provide it as requested. 
Credit Limits 
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limits. These will also appear on your Statement. We 
may also refer to your credit limits as your credit lines. 
We may give you different credit limits for different types 
of transactions or for the different Credit Plans of your 
Account. For example, you may have different credit limits 
for purchases and Cash Advances. 
You are responsible for keeping track of your Credit Plan 
balances and your available credit. You must manage your 
Account to remain below your credit limits. We may honor 
transactions above your credit limits, but if we do these 
transactions will not increase your credit limit. You are 
responsible for paying for any transaction you make above 
your credit limits. 
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your 
credit limit on any Credit Plan at any time. This will not 
affect your obligation to pay us. 
Using Your Account 
(1)  This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card or Account. It will continue to apply even after your 
Account is closed, as long as you have a balance. 
(2)  You must sign the Card immediately when you receive it. 
(3)  You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to. 
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card, Access Checks  
and Account. 
(5)  We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account is not in default. 
(6)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we do 
not authorize a transaction. 
(7)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason. 
(8)  Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable Credit Plan of your 
Account. We will apply it against your available credit for 
that Credit Plan. 
(9)  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any illegal 
activity. You are responsible for any charges if you do. 
(10)   We are not liable for any losses that may result when 
our services are unavailable due to reasons beyond 
our control. 
(11)  You may use your Account for purchases anywhere 
Visa is accepted, and you may obtain Cash Advances 
and Transfers as permitted for your Account. You may 
not use these to pay any amount you owe us or any 
other company in the Capital One organization. 
Rewards 
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to earn 
rewards. If it does, we will separately provide you with 
information and terms about the rewards. 
Promotional Credit Plans 
From time to time, we may offer one or more promotional 
Credit Plans prior to, or at the time of, your purchase. Only 
certain purchases may be eligible for promotional Credit 
Plans. These Credit Plans may have special repayment 
1
terms and are conditioned on your timely payment of at 
least the required payment amount each Billing Cycle. 
1. Waived Interest Charge — With this offer there  
are no Interest Charges on your purchases for a 
specified period. 
2. Reduced Rate — With this offer, you will receive 
a reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) on your 
purchase for a specified period. 
Using a PIN 
We may give you a personal identification number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card. 
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it 
to anyone, or keep it with your Card. If you lose your 
Card or believe the confidentiality of your PIN has been 
compromised for any reason, you must contact Customer 
Service immediately. 
Authorized Users 
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, they are 
an Authorized User. We may require certain information 
about them. We may limit their ability to use your Card. 
They may have access to certain information about your 
Account. You will be responsible for their use of the 
Account and anyone else they allow to use your Account, 
even if you did not want, or agree to, that use. 
Removing an Authorized User 
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. 
You will be responsible even if these amounts do not 
appear on your Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number. 
Your Promise to Pay 
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes. 
Statements 
We will generally send, or make available to you, one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of each 
Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law may not 
require us to send, or make available to you, a Statement, 
or may prohibit us from doing so. 
Disputed Transactions 
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described in 
the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other 
Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify us of an 
error, we will assume that all information on the Statement 
is correct. 
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also: 
(1)  give us any information about the disputed transaction, 
if we ask; 
(2)  not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the transaction 
amount from the merchant or any other person; and 
(3)  help us get reimbursement from others. 
No Warranties 
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement. 
Lost or Stolen Card 
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without 
your permission, you must contact Customer Service 
immediately. You will not be responsible for transactions on 
your Account that we find are unauthorized. 
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you will 
help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement from 
the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us documents in a 
form that we request. 
Interest Charges and Fees 
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
on any unpaid amount from the date of the transaction, date 
the transaction is processed or the first day of the Billing 
Cycle. However, we will not charge you interest on any new 
transactions posted to the purchase Credit Plan of your 
Account if you pay your “New Balance” in full by the due 
date on your Statement each month. If you did not pay your 
“New Balance” in full when due for a Billing Cycle, interest 
will continue to accrue between the time that we calculate 
your “New Balance,” as reflected on your Statement, and 
when we receive your payment. This interest will post 
on your next Statement. That is why if you start accruing 
Interest Charges, you generally must pay your “New 
Balance” in full for two consecutive Billing Cycles before 
Interest Charges stop posting to your Statement. Please 
note, however, that Interest Charges will begin accruing 
immediately for any Cash Advances and other transactions 
that do not post to the purchase Credit Plan. 
From time to time, we may offer Transfers or promotional 
purchase financing that do allow you to pay less than 
the statement “New Balance” and still avoid interest on 
any new transactions that post to the standard purchase 
balance. However, in these cases you must pay in full 
transactions that are posted to the standard purchase 
balance and any Cash Advance balance, plus at least the 
minimum payment amount for all other balances on the 
account by the due date each month. We may also display 
an interest saver payment amount on your statement, if 
applicable, for your convenience. 
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to your 
Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures provide 
2
for them. We may increase your Interest Charges and Fees 
as described in the Changes to Your Agreement section 
or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
Late Payment Fee 
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive your 
payment as instructed on your Statement by the payment 
due date. 
Minimum Payment 
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount by 
the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you: 
(1) the minimum payment due, 
(2) your new balance, 
(3) the payment due date, and 
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us for 
us to consider it received as of that date. 
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce your 
Account balance, but they will not change your minimum 
payment amount. 
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay all or 
part of the total balance on your Account. But, you must 
still pay at least the minimum payment amount each month, 
even if you paid more than the minimum payment due on 
the previous Statement. We will continue to charge Interest 
Charges during Billing Cycles when you carry a balance 
regardless of whether your Statement includes a minimum 
payment that is due. If your Account is 180 days past due, 
is part of a bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged 
off, the total balance is immediately due and payable. 
Making Payments 
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not make 
payments with funds from your Account or any other credit 
account with us or any other company in the Capital One 
organization. You must send mailed payments to us as 
instructed on your Statement, unless we tell you otherwise. 
Other Payment Services 
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services. 
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects a 
payment made using our payment services. 
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we 
may provide that person with limited Account information 
necessary to set up and process that payment. We may 
also refuse to accept that payment. If we do accept it, you 
will be responsible for that payment even if a financial 
institution rejects it. 
Payment Processing 
We may accept and process payments without losing any 
of our rights. We may delay the availability of credit until we 
confirm that your payment has cleared. This may happen 
even if we credit your payment to your Account. We may 
resubmit and collect returned payments electronically. If 
necessary, we may adjust your Account to correct errors, 
process returned and reversed payments, and handle 
similar issues. 
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize 
us to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your 
deposit account. You also authorize us to process the 
payment as an Item. We may withdraw the funds from 
your deposit account as early as the same day we receive 
your payment. You will not receive your Item back from 
your bank. We will provide additional information about this 
process on your Statement. 
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended. 
How We Apply Your Payments 
Your Account may have Credit Plans with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). For example, purchases may 
have a lower APR than Cash Advances. If your Account 
has Credit Plan balances with different APRs, here is how 
we apply payments in a Billing Cycle: 
(1)  We generally apply credits and payments up to your 
minimum payment first to the balance with the lowest 
APR, and then to balances with higher APRs. 
(2)  We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest APR, 
and then to balances with lower APRs. 
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions,  
or Instructions 
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, conditions, 
limitations, or special instructions to: 
Capital One  
P.O. Box 1330 
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330 
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications. 
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process it 
without losing any of our rights. 
Credit Balances 
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance. 
Account Default 
You will be in default if: 
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due; 
(2)  any payment you make is rejected, not paid or cannot 
be processed; 
(3) you exceed a credit limit; 
(4)  you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding; 
(5)  you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity;
3
(6)  we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us; 
(7)  you do not comply with any term of this Agreement or 
any other agreement with us; or 
(8)  you permanently reside outside the United States. 
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice: 
(1)  charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on 
your Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures; 
(2)  close or suspend your Account; 
(3)  lower your credit limit(s); 
(4)  demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account; 
(5)  continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or 
(6)  file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts. 
Communications 
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account. 
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone 
number (including a mobile telephone number that you 
provide us), and use an automated telephone dialing 
system or similar device to do so. You agree that we may 
monitor or record any conversation or other communication 
with you. 
Credit Reports 
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, or 
other defaults on your Account may be reflected in your 
credit report. Information we provide may appear on your 
and the Authorized Users’ credit reports. 
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate information 
about your Account to a credit bureau or other consumer 
reporting agency, notify us in writing at Capital One, 
P.O. 
Box
 
 31293, Salt Lake City, UT 84131-1293. When you 
write, tell us the specific information that you believe is 
incorrect and why you believe it is incorrect. 
We may obtain and use credit, income and other 
information about you from credit bureaus and others as 
the law allows. 
Closing or Suspending Your Account 
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close  
your Account. 
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default. 
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close or 
permanently suspend your Account, you must return or 
destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts you 
owe on the Account. 
Changes to Your Agreement 
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing so. 
We will give you notice of any changes as required by law. 
We may notify you of changes on your Statement or in a 
separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and how the 
changes will take effect. The notice will describe any rights 
you have in connection with the changes. 
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as the 
index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase your APRs 
for any other reason, or if we change your Fees or other 
terms of your Account, we will notify you as required by law. 
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement 
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part of 
this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts will 
remain in effect. 
Waiver 
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose not 
to take any action for any reason. We may waive our right 
without notifying you. For example, we may waive your 
Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and without 
losing our right to charge them in the future. 
Assignment 
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of your 
and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, assign 
or transfer your Account or this Agreement to someone else 
without our written permission. 
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior notice 
to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our place under 
this Agreement. You must pay them and perform all of your 
obligations to them and not us. If you pay us after we notify 
you that we have transferred your Account or this Agreement, 
we can return the payment to you, forward the payment to the 
assignee, or handle it in another way that is reasonable. 
Access Checks 
We may provide you with Access Checks. If we do, we will 
tell you at the time if we consider them purchases, Cash 
Advances or Special Transfers. 
Only the person we designate may use Access Checks. 
You may not use them to pay any amount you owe us or 
any other company in the Capital One organization. We 
may reject and not pay any Access Check if: 
(1)  your Account is past due, charged off, bankrupt, lost/ 
stolen or closed; 
(2) we suspect fraud; 
(3) your Account is over the credit limit; or 
(4)  the check has expired, is damaged or cannot otherwise 
be processed. 
Our liability if we do not pay an Access Check will never be 
more than 
(1) your actual damages or (2) the amount of the 
Access Check, whichever is less. 
Use of an Access Check is not the same as using your 
Card. When you use an Access Check, you will have fewer 
rights to dispute merchant transactions than with uses 
of your Card. Please see the “Billing Rights Summary” 
on your Statement and your other Truth-in- Lending 
Disclosures for more information.
4
5
Stopping Payment of Access Checks 
You may request a stop payment on any Access Check 
by contacting Customer Service. 
We will have a reasonable amount of time after your 
stop payment request to research and complete the stop 
payment. We will not be responsible if we cannot complete 
the stop payment. Reasons include: 
(1) the Access Check was already paid; 
(2) you do not give us the information we asked for; or 
(3) the information you gave us was incorrect. 
We do not have to release the stop payment order unless 
the account holder who made the request asks us to. 
If we re-credit your Account after a valid stop payment 
order, you give us all of your rights against the payee or 
other holder of the paid Access Check. You also agree to 
help us in any legal action we may later take against the 
payee or other holder of the check. 
Cash Advance Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time you take out a 
Cash Advance. We will treat this Fee as a Cash Advance 
transaction. 
Transfer Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time you make a 
Transfer. We will charge the Fee to the same Credit Plan 
where we post the Transfer. 
Transactions Made in Foreign Currencies 
If you make a transaction in a foreign currency, the 
Payment Card Network will convert it into a U.S. dollar 
amount. The Payment Card Network will use its own 
currency conversion procedures. The conversion rate 
in effect on the processing date may differ from the rate 
in effect on the transaction date that appears on your 
Statement. We do not adjust the currency exchange rate or 
charge any currency conversion Fees. 
Glossary 
•  
 
 
“Access Check” means any check we send to you to 
access credit from your Account. We may also refer to 
an Access Check as a “convenience check” or a 
“purchase check”. 
• “Account” means your Card Account with us. 
• “Authorized User” means a person who may use 
the Card, but is not responsible for the repayment of 
the Account. 
• “Balance Transfer” means an amount posted to the 
Balance Transfer Credit Plan of your Account unless 
otherwise described in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
•  
 
 
“Billing Cycle” means the period of time reflected 
on a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is 
approximately 30 days. You will have a Billing Cycle even if 
a Statement is not required. We will often specify a Billing 
Cycle by the month in which its closing date occurs. For 
example, a “March Billing Cycle” will have a closing date 
in March. We may also refer to a Billing Cycle as a “Billing 
Period”. If your Account balance has charged off, we may 
switch to quarterly Billing Cycles for your Account. 
• “Card” means any Pottery Barn, West Elm, Williams 
Sonoma, or Key Rewards credit card associated with your 
Account. This includes all renewals and substitutions. It 
also means any other access device for your Account we 
give you that allows you to obtain credit, including any 
Account number. 
• “Cash Advance” means a loan in cash or things we 
consider cash equivalents, including wire transfers, 
travelers’ checks, money orders, foreign currency, 
lottery tickets, gaming chips, and wagers. We post Cash 
Advances to the Cash Advance Credit Plan of your 
Account and not to your purchase Credit Plan. 
•  
 
 
“Credit Plans” mean the different parts of your Account 
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, pricing, 
or other terms. These may be individual purchases, or 
they may be combined balance types such as Balance 
Transfers and Cash Advances which are under same 
terms. The sum of your Credit Plan balances equals your 
total Account balance. 
• “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not 
based on the Annual Percentage Rates. 
• “Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account 
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates. 
•  
 
 
 
“Item” means a check, draft, money order or other 
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account. This 
includes any image of these instruments. This does not 
include an Access Check. 
• “Payment Card Network” means the network 
provider displayed on your Card. This may be Visa Inc., 
Mastercard International Incorporated, or any other 
network provider. 
• “Special Transfer” means a Transfer posted to a Credit 
Plan of your Account that is not a purchase or Cash 
Advance Credit Plan. 
• “Statement” means a document showing important 
Account information, including all transactions billed to 
your Account during a Billing Cycle and information about 
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement 
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”. 
 • “Transfers” means amounts transferred from other 
accounts to this Account and includes Balance Transfers 
and Special Transfers. 
•  “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that 
the federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z require for 
any Account. This includes your application and solicitation 
disclosures, Account opening disclosures, subsequent 
disclosures, Statements, and change in terms notices. 
© 2021 Capital One 
Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved. 
BR414370      M-133471 COF Customer Agreement 442

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for Kohl's Cards.pdf-255662.pdf ===

INTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGES 
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 
for Purchases 
30.24%
a 
a. We add 22.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase  APR (monthly periodic rate currently 2.52%). 
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
How to Avoid Paying Interest  
on Purchases 
Your due date will be a minimum of 25 days following the close of each billing cycle. 
We will not charge interest on new purchases provided you have paid your entire 
balance in full by the due date each month. 
Minimum Interest Charge If you are charged periodic interest, the charge will be no less than $1.00. 
For Credit Card Tips from the  
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, 
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at  
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore . 
FEES 
Annual Fee None. 
Penalty Fees 
            
            
Late Payment Up to $40. 
Returned Payment Up to $40. 
How We Will Calculate Your Balance:  We use the average daily balance method (including new transactions). See “ Periodic 
Interest Charge Calculation” section of this Agreement for more details. 
Billing Rights: Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights are included in this Agreement. 
See “Your Billing Rights” section for full details. 
Prime Rate: Estimated variable APRs are based on the 7.50% Prime Rate. 
The information about the costs of the credit card account described above is accurate as of January 1, 2023. This information may have changed. For the most current information contact us at 1-800-564-5740. 
Authorization: When you apply for a Kohl’s credit card from 
Capital One, N.A. (“Capital One”,“we”, or “us”), you agree to 
the following: 
1. You authorize us to obtain credit bureau reports in connection 
with your request for an account. If an account is opened, we 
may obtain credit bureau reports in connection with extensions 
of credit or the review or collection of your account. If you ask, 
we will tell you the name and address of each credit bureau 
from which we obtained a report about you. 
2. You are providing information in this application to Capital 
One and to Kohl’s. Capital One may provide information about 
you (even if your application is declined) to Kohl’s so that they 
can create and update their records, and provide you with 
services and special offers. 
3. By using the account or any card, or authorizing their use, 
you agree to the terms of the Cardmember Agreement. If you 
open your account in a Kohl’s store you acknowledge receipt 
of this disclosure and a copy of the Cardmember Agreement 
before your first purchase. 
4. As described in the Cardmember Agreement, we reserve the 
right to change the terms of your account (including the APRs) 
at any time, for any reason. 
5. We will review your credit history to determine if you qualify 
for an account and, if so, your credit line. Based on this review, 
you may not receive a card. 
6. You must be at least 18 years old to qualify (19 in AL and NE). 
7. You acknowledge that you must provide additional 
information electronically, including income. Alimony, child 
support or separate maintenance income need not be revealed 
if you do not wish it to be considered as a basis for repaying 
this obligation. 
8. You acknowledge that you have read and agree to be bound 
by the important rate and fee disclosures and the terms stated 
under this Authorization and the Cardmember Agreement 
section of the disclosures attached to this form. You agree that 
we may verify your information, check your credit history and 
secure follow-up credit reports on you. 
Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require 
that all creditors make credit equally available to all customers, 
and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate histories 
on each individual upon request. The Ohio Civil Rights 
Commission administers compliance with the law. 
New York and Vermont Residents: Capital One may obtain 
at any time your credit reports, for any legitimate purpose 
associated with the account or the application or request for 
an account, including but not limited to reviewing, modifying, 
renewing and collecting on your account. On your request, you 
will be informed if such a report was ordered. If so, you will be 
given the name and address of the consumer reporting agency 
furnishing the report. New York residents may contact the 
New York State Department of Financial Services to obtain a 
comparative listing of credit card rates, fees and grace periods. 
New York State Department of Financial Services - 1-877-226-
5697 or
 http://www.dfs.ny.gov/consumer/creditdebt.htm 
California Residents: Applicants: 1) may, after credit approval, 
use the credit card account up to its credit limit; 2) may be 
liable for amounts extended under the plan to any joint 
applicant. As required by law, you are hereby notified that a 
negative credit report reflecting on your credit record may be 
submitted to a credit reporting agency if you fail to fulfill the 
terms of your credit obligations. 
Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents:  No provision of 
any marital property agreement, unilateral statement or court 
decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of 
such agreement, statement or court order before we grant you 
credit, or we have actual knowledge of the adverse obligation. 
All obligations on this account will be incurred in the interest 
of your marriage or family. You understand that we may be 
required to give notice of this account to your spouse. Married 
Wisconsin residents must furnish their (the applicant’s) 
name and social security number as well as the name and 
address of their spouse to Kohl’s, 
PO Box 3120, Milwaukee,  WI 53201. 
Omission of any information requested on the application may 
be reason for denial of an account. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR 
OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT 
To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and 
money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial 
institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that 
identifies each person who opens an account. 
What this means for you: When you open an account, we will 
ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information 
that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see your 
driver’s license or other identifying documents. 
  
KOHL’S CARDMEMBER AGREEMENT 
This agreement (“Agreement”) governs your Kohl’s credit card 
account (“Account”) with us. Please keep this Agreement for 
your records. You agree with us that the following terms apply 
to your Account. 
Capital One, N.A. and Kohl’s may exchange information 
about you and your Account(s) so that you can receive 
the benefits of the Kohl’s Card program and so that Kohl’s 
can inform you of additional information, offers and 
opportunities. 
1. Definitions and Card Usage:  In this Agreement, the words 
“you”, “your”, and “cardmember” refer to each person who 
applies for the Account and each person who agrees to be 
liable on the Account. The words “we,” “us,” and “our” refer 
to Capital One, N.A., the creditor and issuer of the Account 
and any other person to whom this Agreement and/or the 
Account may be assigned. “Kohl’s” means Kohl’s, 
Inc., Inc., N56 
W17000 Ridgewood Dr., Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin 53051. 
Kohl’s is servicing your Account on our behalf and is also 
referred to alone or together with others as an agent. The word 
“Card” means the card issued to you under this Agreement that 
may be used to make purchases at Kohl’s. You agree that all 
purchases made using the Account shall be only for personal, 
family, or household purposes. “Credit Plan” means any plan 
we may establish and make available on your Account that is 
subject to a unique annual percentage rate (“APR”) or other 
terms. The sum of your Credit Plan balances equals your total 
Account balance. “New Balance” means the amount displayed 
as the New Balance on each billing Statement. 
2. Amendments: We have the right to change the terms 
of this Agreement for any reason, and in any respect, by 
adding, deleting or modifying any provision, including 
APRs, fees, the minimum payment and other terms. We 
can add a new provision without regard to whether the
provision deals with a matter already addressed by this 
Agreement. 
 
In certain circumstances, we are required by law to notify 
you of changes to the terms of this Agreement, and in 
other circumstances we may not be required to do so. 
When required by law to advise you that you have a legal 
right to reject any changes we make, we will provide an 
explanation about how to do that. 
In some circumstances, APRs or other aspects of your 
Account may change even though the terms of the Account 
do not change, for example when the Prime Rate changes. 
3. Account Information: We request certain information about 
you to manage your Account.This includes: 
(1) your legal name; 
(2) a valid mailing address and residential address (if different); 
(3) your date of birth; 
(4)  your Social Security number or other government 
identification number; 
(5) your telephone and cell phone number(s); 
(6) your income information; and 
(7) your email address. 
If you change your contact information such as any mailing 
address, telephone number or email address, you must notify 
us immediately in writing at the address shown on your 
Statement. 
We may obtain telephone and cell phone numbers, mailing 
address and email address information from you, third parties, 
caller ID and other sources. We may accept mailing address 
corrections from the United States Postal Service, third parties 
and other sources. 
4. Promise to Pay:  In return for extending credit to you on this 
Account from time to time, you agree to pay us for all goods 
and services you charge to this Account, plus any interest, fees 
and other charges set forth below, according to the terms of 
this Agreement. If more than one person has applied for or is 
liable on this Account, then 
(a) each of you will be responsible 
for paying all charges incurred by either of you or anyone 
either of you permit to use this Account; 
(b) we can provide 
Statements and communications to any of you; and (c) notice 
to one of you will be considered notice to all of you. 
5. Authorized Users:  If you ask us to issue a Card to any 
other person, they are an “Authorized User.” We may require 
certain information about them. We may limit their ability to use 
your Card. They may have access to certain information about 
your Account. You will be responsible for paying all charges 
on your Account made by an Authorized User, You agree to 
notify each Authorized User,at the time he or she becomes an 
Authorized User, that we may receive, record, exchange and 
use information about him or her in the same manner we do 
with information about you as described in this agreement. 
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your Account, 
you must contact us at the Customer Service telephone 
number on your Statement or on the back of your Card and 
request their removal. They will be able to use your Account 
until you have notified us that you are removing them from your 
Account. During this time, you will still be responsible for all 
amounts they charge to your Account. You will be responsible 
even if these amounts do not appear on your Account until 
later. Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove them 
from your Account. To remove them from your Account, we may 
close your existing Account and issue a new Card with a new 
Account number. 
6. When Effective: Your signature, including any electronic 
signature, on the application for this Account or on any sales 
receipt, or your use of this Account, is your consent to the 
terms of this Agreement with us and your acknowledgement 
of delivery of a copy of this Agreement to you. The information 
you provide or have previously provided on the application 
that identifies you constitutes a part of this Agreement and is 
incorporated in it by reference. For new Account applicants, 
this Agreement will not be effective until we approve your 
application, and then, after that only if you or someone 
authorized by you charges a purchase to this Account. 
7. Billing Cycle, Paying Interest, Variable Rates, Annual 
Percentage Rates (“APR”), Minimum Interest Charge, 
Promotional Credit Plans: 
Billing Cycle/Statements.  In order to manage your Account, 
we divide time into periods called billing cycles. Each billing 
cycle is approximately one month in length. For each calendar 
month your Account will have a billing cycle ending in that 
month. We will provide a billing statement (“Statement”) each 
month one is required by applicable law. Your Account will have 
a billing cycle ending in each calendar month whether or not 
there is a Statement for that billing cycle. 
 
 
 
 
Paying Interest. We begin assessing periodic interest charges 
on a transaction, fee, or interest charge from the date it is 
added to your daily balance as described in this Agreement 
until your Account is paid in full. You can avoid periodic interest 
charges on new purchases, provided you have paid your 
statement’s entire New Balance (excluding balances on any 
Special Repayment Term Reduced APR Credit Plan) in full by 
the due date each month (see 
Promotional Credit Plans). Your 
due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. 
Variable Rate. The APR for Purchases may vary with changes to 
the Prime Rate. We calculate a variable APR by adding a margin 
to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 
last business day of March, June, September and December. 
The APR calculated in this way will be effective as of the first 
day of the billing cycle that begins in the following month. 
APR for Purchases. The Prime Rate plus 22.74%, currently 
30.24% (monthly periodic rate 2.52%). The APR and monthly 
periodic rate stated are estimates based on the 7.50% Prime Rate. 
 
Promotional Credit Plans. From time to time, we may offer 
one or more Promotional Credit Plans prior to or at the time 
of your purchase. Only certain purchases may be eligible 
for Promotional Credit Plans. These plans may have special 
repayment terms and are conditioned on your timely payment 
of at least the required payment amount each billing cycle: 
 
 
 a.) 
Reduced Rate Credit Plan - With this plan, you will receive 
a reduced APR on your purchase for a specified period; 
b.) 
Special Repayment Term Reduced APR Credit Plan -
with this plan, a special repayment term will be applied to 
the reduced APR Promotional Credit Plan purchase for the 
specified period. 
 
If you make more than one purchase on your card, the balances 
for the Promotional Credit Plan purchases may be treated 
differently than other balances. We will advise you if your 
participation in certain program features limits your eligibility 
for any Promotional Credit Plan. 
 
 
Minimum Interest Charge.  We may charge no less than the 
minimum interest charge of $1.00 if any periodic interest is 
due for a billing cycle. 
8. Periodic Interest Charge Calculation – Average Daily 
Balance (Including New Purchases): 
 We figure the periodic 
interest charges on your Account by applying the applicable 
monthly periodic rates to the “average daily balance” of your 
Account (including current transactions). To get the “average 
daily balance” for each balance type (balances on Promotional 
Credit Plans and balances for other amounts), we take the 
beginning balance of each applicable balance type each day, 
add any new purchases, unpaid interest charges, fees, other 
charges and debit adjustments, then subtract any payments, 
credits or credit adjustments. This gives us the daily balances. 
Then, we add up all the daily balances for each balance type 
and divide the total by the number of days in the billing cycle. 
This gives us the “average daily balance” for each balance type. 
On the first day of each billing cycle we add to the daily balance 
the unpaid periodic interest charges from the prior billing 
cycle (in this way we compound interest on a monthly basis). 
Purchases and fees are added to your daily balance as of the 
transaction date or a later date of our choice. 
9. Payments: 
Minimum Payment.  You must make your minimum payment 
in a way that we receive it by the time and date it is due. The 
minimum payment for your Account includes the minimum 
payment due on each Credit Plan. You may make payments 
greater than your required minimum payment. This will reduce 
the interest charges that are added to your Account. 
Your minimum payment will be the larger of:  i)  $29 (or total 
amount you owe if less than $29); or  ii)  the sum of 1% of the 
New Balance (which does not include balances on any Special 
Repayment Term Reduced APR Promotional Credit Plan), plus 
the periodic interest charges, plus any amount required under 
any Special Repayment Term Reduced APR Promotional Credit 
Plan, plus any penalty fees billed on the Statement for which 
your minimum payment is calculated.
 We will also add any 
amount past due to your minimum payment. In addition to the 
minimum payment, you may pay all or part of the total balance 
on your Account. But, you must still pay at least the minimum 
payment amount each month, even if you paid more than the 
minimum payment due on the previous Statement. 
How We Apply Your Payments.  In each billing cycle, we 
generally apply payments up to your minimum payment 
amount to satisfy the minimum payment due on each Credit 
Plan, first to the highest APR Credit Plan balance and then to 
lower APR Credit Plan balances. We will apply any part of your 
payment exceeding your minimum payment first to the balance 
with the highest APR, and then to balances with lower APRs. 
Payment Instructions.  You agree to pay us amounts you owe 
in U.S. dollars. You must use a check, money order or electronic 
debit drawn on a U.S. bank or a foreign bank branch in the U.S. 
We will not accept cash payments through the mail. When we 
receive or apply a payment, we might not restore your credit 
line by that amount for up to 15 days. 
For mailed payments, your Statement and the envelope it 
comes in give you instructions about how, when and where 
to make your payments. You must follow these instructions. 
Your payment will not be credited to your Account before we 
receive it at the address we specify for receipt of payments and 
in accordance with the payment instructions. 
Payments made in store by close of business will be credited as 
of date payment was received. 
If you make a payment marked as paid in full or indicate 
that it is to pay all amounts you owe us, you must send that 
payment to the special address on the back of your Statement. 
That address is called the “Conditional Payments” address. We 
may accept a conditional payment and not agree that it pays 
all amounts you owe on your Account. Also, we may return a 
conditional payment to you and you will still owe us the amount 
of the payment or any other amounts owed on your Account. 
You authorize us to collect any payment check either 
electronically or by draft. We can collect your payment checks 
electronically by sending the check number, check amount, 
account and routing numbers to your bank. Or we can collect 
these checks by sending a draft drawn on your bank account. 
Funds may be taken from your bank account on the same day 
we receive your payment. We will not keep your original check, 
just a copy of it. 
You may use our optional services to make payments 
electronically through our website, our automated telephone 
service or our customer service advisors. You do not have to 
use these other payment services, and we may charge you 
a fee for expedited payments made with a customer service 
advisor. If we do, we will tell you the amount of the fee at 
the time you request the service. We are not responsible if a 
payment made using our payment services is rejected or not 
paid. Even if it is, we may still keep the fee. 
10. Legal Notices:  For important information regarding your 
right to dispute billing errors under federal law, see the section 
marked “Your Billing Rights ” that accompanies your copy of 
this Agreement. All notices relating to legal actions, including 
bankruptcy notices, must be sent to us, through our agent, at 
Kohl’s, ATTN: Credit Administrator, P .O. Box 3043, Milwaukee, WI, 
53201-3043. Legal notices sent to any other addresses will not 
satisfy the legal requirement that you provide us with notice. 
11. No Waiver By Us: We reserve the right to delay or refrain 
from enforcing any of our rights under this Agreement without 
losing them. For example, we can extend the time for making 
certain payments without extending others or we can accept 
late or partial payments without waiving our right to have future 
payments made when they are due. 
12. Returned Payment Fee: We may charge you this fee each 
time any payment you make to us is not paid by your financial 
institution for any reason, even if that institution later pays it. 
The returned payment fee is up to $40. 
13. Late Payment Fee: We may charge a late payment fee 
if we do not receive at least the required minimum payment 
for any billing cycle by the date and time it is due. Your late 
payment fee will be zero if your balance is $15 or less, $15 
if your balance is greater than $15 but less than $50.01, and 
$29 if your balance is greater than $50. The late payment fee 
will not exceed the amount of your minimum payment due. If 
you pay late and then pay late again in any of the next six 
consecutive billing cycles the late payment fee will be up to 
$40.00 until you have paid your minimum payment when due 
for six consecutive billing cycles. 
14. Default/Collection Costs. You will be in default if you 
fail to pay any minimum payment by the time and date it is 
due, if you breach any other promise or obligation under this 
Agreement, if you become incapacitated or die, or if you file for 
bankruptcy. Subject to applicable law, we may also consider 
you to be in default under this Agreement at any time if any 
statement made by you to us in connection with this Account 
or any other credit program with us was false or misleading; 
if we receive information indicating that you are bankrupt, 
intend to file bankruptcy, or are unable to pay your debts as 
they become due; or we receive information leading us to 
conclude that you are no longer creditworthy. In evaluating your 
creditworthiness, you agree that we may rely on information 
contained in consumer reports, and in our discretion we may 
consider the amount of debt you are carrying compared to your 
resources or any other of your credit characteristics, regardless 
of your performance on this Account. In the event of default, 
subject to any right you may have under applicable law, we
may demand that you pay the entire unpaid balance due. If 
the Account is referred to an attorney, you agree to pay our 
reasonable attorney’s fees, but only to the extent and in the 
amount permitted by applicable law, and court costs will also 
be recovered where permitted by applicable law. 
 
 
 
15. Your Credit Limit and Canceling or Limiting Your Credit: 
We will assign a credit limit to your Account. Your credit limit 
appears on your Statement. You are responsible for keeping 
track of your Account balance including any fees and interest 
charges and making sure it remains below your credit limit. 
We may but are not required to authorize charges that go over 
your credit limit. You must pay any amount over your credit 
limit and you must pay us immediately if we ask you to do 
so. This Agreement applies to any balance over your credit 
limit. We may change or cancel your credit limit without telling 
you ahead of time. If we do, it will not excuse you from your 
obligations to pay us. 
You may close your Account at any time. We may require you 
to provide a closure request in writing. Except as required by 
applicable law, we may close your Account or suspend your 
credit privileges or any feature on your Account at any time 
for any reason, including Account inactivity, without notice. If 
we close your Account or suspend your credit privileges or any 
feature, we will not be liable to you for any consequences that 
result. If you or we close your Account, you and any authorized 
users must stop using your Account immediately and destroy 
all cards or return them to us upon request. You will continue 
to be responsible for charges to your Account according to the 
terms of this Agreement. 
16. Credit Cards, Lost/Stolen Credit Cards and Liability for 
Unauthorized Use: 
 If requested, you agree to return to us any 
card issued to you. If you lose or someone steals your card 
or any other means to access your Account, or if you think 
someone has used your Account without your permission, 
you must tell us immediately. Call us at 1-800-564-5740 or 
write to us at: Kohl’s, ATTN: Credit Administrator, P .O. Box 3120, 
Milwaukee, WI 53201-3120. Do not use your Account after you 
notify us. We may end your credit privileges and close your 
Account if we consider it appropriate. You agree to provide us 
information to help us find out what happened. You will not be 
liable for any unauthorized use that occurs after you notify us. 
You may, however, be liable for unauthorized use that occurs 
before your notice to us. In any case, your liability will not 
exceed $50. 
17. Credit Information:  We may obtain and use credit and 
income information about you from consumer (credit) reporting 
agencies and other sources. We may report information about 
you and your Account to credit reporting agencies. If you 
request additional cards on your Account for others, we may 
report Account information in your name as well as in the 
names of those other people. If you think we have reported 
information to a credit reporting agency that is not correct, 
you may write to us at: Kohl’s, ATTN: Credit Administrator, P .O. 
Box 3115, Milwaukee, WI 53201-3115. Please include your 
name, address, Account number, telephone number and a brief 
description of the problem and a copy of the credit reporting 
agency report if you have it. We will investigate the matter. If 
our investigation shows that you are right, we will contact each 
credit reporting agency to which we reported the information 
and will request they correct the report. If we disagree with you 
after our investigation, we will tell you in writing or by telephone. 
 
18. Credit Balances: You may request a refund of any credit 
balance at any time. Otherwise, we will apply it to any new 
charges on your Account or provide the refund to you as 
required by law. 
 
19. Special Promotions:  Kohl’s may, in its discretion from 
time-to-time, provide you with special promotions in connection 
with your use of Kohl’s Card (“Special Promotions”). Special 
Promotions will be subject to the terms of this Agreement, 
as well as any other differing or additional terms described 
in the offer. Special Promotions may be marketed in-store, 
online, and/or through any individual channel or combination 
of channels described in Section 20 of this Agreement. Kohl’s 
may, in its discretion, suspend your offers under the following 
circumstances, without limitation: 
(i) your Account has limited 
activity or becomes inactive for a period of time; (ii) your 
Account becomes past due and you do not make it current for 
a period of time. 
You acknowledge that our Special Promotions 
offers cannot be sent to addresses outside of the United States 
or Canada or to military addresses. Special Promotions offers 
will not be forwarded by the postal service, so you must contact 
us to update your address after moving in order to continue 
receiving printed Special Promotions offers. If you need to 
update your address or any of your contact information or 
would like to opt-out of receiving printed Special Promotions 
offers, please call the customer service telephone number on 
your card or statement. 
 
 
 
20. Communications: You agree that we may communicate 
with you by mail, telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, 
automated voice, text message, or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account. You authorize us, or anyone acting on 
our behalf, to call or send a text message to any number you 
provide or to any number where we reasonably believe we can 
contact you. These include calls to mobile, cellular, or similar 
devices, and calls using automatic telephone dialing systems 
and/or prerecorded messages. We may also send an email to 
any address where we reasonably believe we can contact you. 
You agree that we may monitor or record any conversation or 
other communication with you. 
You acknowledge that Kohl’s may use a third party service to 
validate your identity using information from your mobile phone 
provider, including call forwarding (
e.g., whether you enabled 
call forwarding, and the number to which calls are forwarded) 
and call porting (
e.g., whether you are transferring the service 
of your phone number, from one service provider, or carrier, to 
another). You agree that your cell phone provider may release 
that information. You agree to receive texts from Kohl’s to verify 
your device. Message and data rates may apply. 
21. Established Business Relationship: You further agree 
that you have an established business relationship with us and 
with Kohl’s and that we both may contact you from time to 
time regarding your Account and products and services that 
we or Kohl’s believes may be of interest to you. You agree that 
all such contacts are not unsolicited and may be monitored to 
assure quality service. 
22. GOVERNING LAW:  THE TERMS AND ENFORCEMENT OF 
THIS AGREEMENT AND YOUR ACCOUNT SHALL BE GOVERNED 
AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH FEDERAL LAW AND, 
TO THE EXTENT STATE LAW APPLIES, THE LAW OF VIRGINIA, 
WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT-OF-LAW PRINCIPLES. THE 
LAW OF VIRGINIA, WHERE YOUR ACCOUNT AND WE ARE 
LOCATED, WILL APPLY NO MATTER WHERE YOU LIVE OR USE 
THE ACCOUNT. 
23. Assignment:  We may assign your Account, any amounts 
you owe us, or any of our rights and obligations under this 
Agreement to a third party. The person to whom we make the 
assignment will be entitled to any of our rights that we assign to 
that person. You may not assign this Account. 
24. Enforcing this Agreement: We can delay enforcing or not 
enforce any of our rights under this Agreement without losing 
our right to enforce them in the future. If any of the terms of 
this Agreement are found to be unenforceable, all other terms 
will remain in full force. 
25. Military Lending Act (MLA) 
Federal law provides important protections to members of the 
Armed Forces and their dependents relating to extensions of 
consumer credit. In general, the cost of consumer credit to a 
member of the Armed Forces and his or her dependent may 
not exceed an annual percentage rate of 36 percent. This rate 
must include, as applicable to the credit transaction or account, 
the costs associated with credit insurance premiums; fees for 
ancillary products sold in connection with the credit transaction; 
any application fee charged (other than certain application 
fees for specified credit transactions or accounts); and any 
participation fee charged (other than certain participation fees 
for a credit card account). 
To hear this same disclosure and a general description of your 
payment obligations for this credit card account, please call us 
toll-free at: 1-888-832-0059. 
During any period in which the Military Lending Act (“the Act”) 
applies to you, no provision of your Cardholder Agreement that 
is inconsistent with the Act shall apply and your Cardholder 
Agreement shall be interpreted to comply with the Act. 
Your Cardholder Agreement shall be interpreted to comply 
with the Military Lending Act, including the Military Lending 
Act’s restrictions on permissible loan terms and limitations on 
interest and fees for customers covered by the Military Lending 
Act. Any excess interest or fees charged or excess amounts 
collected shall be credited or refunded. No provision of your 
Cardholder Agreement that is inconsistent with the Military 
Lending Act shall apply. 
26. FOR INFORMATION: For information about your Account, 
please call the customer service telephone number on the back 
of your card or monthly statement, or write us at Kohl’s, Attn: 
Credit Administrator, P .O. Box 3120, Milwaukee, WI. 
 
YOUR BILLING RIGHTS: Keep this Document for Future Use 
This notice tells you about your rights and our responsibilities 
under the Fair Credit Billing Act. 
WHAT TO DO IF YOU FIND A MISTAKE ON YOUR STATEMENT 
If you think there is an error on your statement, write to us on 
a separate sheet at the “Send Inquiries To” address shown on 
your billing statement. 
In your letter, give us the following information: 
   •  Account information: Your name and account number. 
   •  Dollar amount: The dollar amount of the suspected error. 
   •  Description of problem: If you think there is an error on 
your bill, describe what you believe is wrong and why you 
believe it is a mistake. 
You must contact us: 
   •  Within 60 days after the error appeared on your statement. 
   •  At least 3 business days before an automated payment is 
scheduled, if you want to stop payment on the amount you 
think is wrong. 
    You must notify us of any potential errors in writing. You 
may call us, but if you do we are not required to investigate 
any potential errors and you may have to pay the amount in 
question. 
WHAT WILL HAPPEN AFTER WE RECEIVE YOUR LETTER 
When we receive your letter, we must do two things:
   1.  Within 30 days of receiving your letter, we must tell you 
that we received your letter. We will also tell you if we have 
already corrected the error. 
   2.  Within 90 days of receiving your letter, we must either 
correct the error or explain to you why we believe the bill 
is correct. 
While we investigate whether or not there has been an error: 
   •  We cannot try to collect the amount in question, or report 
you as delinquent on that amount. 
   •  The charge in question may remain on your statement, and 
we may continue to charge you interest on that amount. 
   •  While you do not have to pay the amount in question, you 
are responsible for the remainder of your balance. 
   • We can apply any unpaid amount against your credit limit. 
After we finish our investigation, one of two things will happen: 
   •  If we made a mistake: You will not have to pay the amount 
in question or any interest or other fees related to that 
amount. 
   •  If we do not believe there was a mistake: You will have to 
pay the amount in question, along with applicable interest 
and fees. We will send you a statement of the amount you 
owe and the date payment is due. We may then report 
you as delinquent if you do not pay the amount we think 
you owe. 
If you receive our explanation but still believe your bill is wrong, 
you must write to us within 10 days telling us that you still 
refuse to pay. If you do so, we cannot report you as delinquent 
without also reporting that you are questioning your bill. We 
must tell you the name of anyone to whom we reported you as 
delinquent, and we must let those organizations know when 
the matter has been settled between us. 
If we do not follow all of the rules above, you do not have to 
pay the first $50 of the amount you question even if your bill 
is correct. 
YOUR RIGHTS IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH YOUR CREDIT 
CARD PURCHASES 
 
If you are dissatisfied with the goods or services that you have 
purchased with your credit card, and you have tried in good 
faith to correct the problem with the merchant, you may have 
the right not to pay the remaining amount due on the purchase. 
To use this right, all of the following must be true: 
   1.  The purchase must have been made in your home state 
or within 100 miles of your current mailing address, and 
the purchase price must have been more than $50. (Note: 
Neither of these are necessary if your purchase was based 
on an advertisement we mailed to you, or if we own the 
company that sold you the goods or services.) 
   2.  You must have used your credit card for the purchase. 
Purchases made with cash advances from an ATM or with a 
check that accesses your credit card account do not qualify. 
   3.  You must not yet have fully paid for the purchase. 
If all of the criteria above are met and you are still dissatisfied 
with the purchase, contact us in writing on a separate sheet at 
the “Send Inquiries To” address shown on your billing statement. 
While we investigate, the same rules apply to the disputed 
amount as discussed above. After we finish our investigation, 
we will tell you our decision. At that point, if we think you owe 
an amount and you do not pay, we may report you as delinquent. 
Copyright ©2023 Capital One. All rights reserved. 
OCMA-01/2023
Rev. 08/2021 
FACTS WHAT DOES CAPITAL ONE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? 
Why? 
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. 
Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand 
what we do. 
What? 
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us.  
This information can include: 
       • Social Security number and income 
       •  Account balances and payment history
       •  Account transactions and credit card or other debt 
How? All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial 
companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Capital One chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing. 
Reasons we can share your personal information Does Capital One share? Can you limit this sharing? 
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, 
maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or 
report to credit bureaus 
Yes No 
For our marketing purposes – to offer our products and services to you Yes No 
For joint marketing with other financial companies Yes No 
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your 
transactions and experiences 
Yes No 
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your 
creditworthiness 
Yes Yes 
For nonaffiliates to market to you Yes Yes 
To limit 
our sharing 
Call 855-270-6626 for customer service. 
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. If you are an 
existing customer and have opted out previously, you don’t need to update your privacy choices again. When you are no longer our customer, 
we continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing. 
Questions? Call 855-270-6626 or go to http://www.kohlscorporation.com/customer_service/mykc/mykc.html 
Page 2 
Who we are 
Who is providing this notice? This notice is provided by Capital One with respect to your Kohl’s credit card. 
What we do 
How does Capital One protect my 
personal information? 
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply 
with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. 
How does Capital One collect my 
personal information? 
We collect your personal information, for example, when you 
•  Open an account or give us your contact information 
•  Use your credit or debit card or pay your bills 
•  Give us your income information 
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies. 
Why can’t I limit all sharing? Federal law gives you the right to limit only 
•  Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness 
•  Affiliates from using your information to market to you 
•  Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you 
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more on your 
rights under state law. 
What happens when I limit sharing for an 
account I hold jointly with someone else? 
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account. 
Definitions 
Affiliates Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial or nonfinancial companies. 
•  Our affiliates include financial companies with the Capital One, Chevy Chase, Capital One Shopping and 
Greenpoint names, such as Capital One Bank (USA), National Association; and Capital One National Association 
Nonaffiliates Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. 
•  Nonaffiliates we share with can include insurance companies, service providers, retailers, data processors, 
and advertisers. 
Joint marketing A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or 
services to you. 
•  Our joint marketing partners include companies such as insurance companies 
Other important information 
California Residents: We will not share information we collect about you with nonaffiliated third parties, except as permitted by law, including, for example, 
with your consent or to service your account. 
Vermont Residents: We will not share information we collect about you with nonaffiliated third parties, except as permitted by law, including, for example, with 
your consent or to service your account. We will not share information about your creditworthiness with our affiliates, other than as permitted by Vermont law, 
unless you authorize us to make those disclosures. 
Telephone Communications – All telephone communications with us or our authorized agents may be monitored or recorded. 
The above notice applies only to your Kohl’s Card Accounts with Capital One and does not apply to any other accounts you have with the Capital One family of companies. 
© 2021 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark.

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for Menards BIG Cards.pdf-255661.pdf ===

Credit Card Agreement for Menards BIG Cards in Capital One, N.A.
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you may differ depending 
on the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. The Customer Agreement contains 
important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. If you are a current Capital One 
cardholder, please log in to your account if you would like to request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s).
CAPITAL ONE PRICING INFORMATION 
Annual Percentage Rate 
(APR) for Purchases
29.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
How to Avoid Paying 
Interest on Purchases
Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you 
interest on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due 
date each month. 
For Credit Card Tips from 
the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at  
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Annual Fee None.
Penalty Fees
• Late Payment Up to $40.
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions)”. See the 
“How Do You Calculate the Interest Charge?” section.
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in “Your Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD
How Do Y
ou Calculate My Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates on the following segment(s) will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your Billing Cycle which 
begins in January, April, July and October: Purchase APR: Prime plus 21.74%. Any increase in the Prime Rate may increase 
your Interest Charges and your Minimum Payment.
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Purchase APR is 
0.08011%. See the “How Do You Calculate the Interest Charge?” section.
How Do You Calculate the Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each Credit Plan, we 1) take the beginning balance and add in 
new transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits 
for that Credit Plan as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each Credit Plan. However, if you paid your previous 
month’s non-promotional purchases balance in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which 
post to your purchase or special purchase Credit Plans are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a 
grace period are not added to the daily balances. 
Next, to find your 
Average Daily Balance we: 1) add the daily balances together for each Credit Plan, and 2) divide the sum by 
the number of days in the Billing Cycle.
At the end of each Billing Cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for each Credit Plan other than Same As Cash Credit Plans, and 2) multiply the result 
by the number of days in the billing period. For Same As Cash Credit Plans, if interest is applied, the interest is accrued from 
the transaction date of the purchase through the current Billing Cycle. The Interest Charge for Same as Cash Credit Plans is 
the total of:
•  
 
the applicable daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for the current Billing Cycle times the daily balance for each day in
the current Billing Cycle; plus
• the applicable daily periodic rate for each prior Billing Cycle times the daily balances of the Credit Plan for each day during
each prior Billing Cycle.
We add the Interest Charges for all Credit Plans together. The result is your total Interest Charge for the Billing Cycle.
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, this calculation may vary from the Interest Charge actually assessed.
 
 
©2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www.capitalone.com.
Capital One® Customer Agreement
Welcome to Capital One
Thank you for opening a credit card account with us. 
This Customer Agreement, including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”), contains the terms of your agreement with 
Capital One.
Definitions
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in the 
Glossary section at the end of this Agreement.
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant and co-
applicant for the Account; any person responsible for paying 
the Account; and any person responsible for complying with 
this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and “Capital One” mean 
Capital One, National Association; and its agents, authorized 
representatives, successors, and assignees.
Account Documents
The following documents govern your Account with us:
(1) this Agreement; 
(2) all Statements; 
(3) any privacy notices; 
(4)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
all disclosures and materials provided to you before or 
when you opened your Account;
(5) any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and
(6) any future changes we make to any of the above. 
Please read these carefully and keep them for future reference.
New Offers
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that we 
think may interest you. The terms of these offers may differ 
from the standard terms on your Account. This Agreement 
will still apply.
Account Information
We need information about you to manage your Account. 
This includes:
(1) your legal name;
(2) a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address  
(if different); 
(3) your date of birth;
(4) your Social Security number or other government 
identification number we accept;
(5) your telephone number(s); and
(6) 
your employment and income information. 
You must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. 
We may restrict or close your Account
 if we cannot verify 
your information, or if you do not provide it as requested.
Credit Limit
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limit. These will also appear on your Statement. We may 
also refer to your credit limit as your credit line. 
You are responsible for keeping track of your balance and 
your available credit. You must manage your Account to 
remain below your credit limits. We may honor transactions 
above your credit limits, but if we do these transactions 
will not increase your credit limit. You are responsible for 
paying for any transaction you make above your credit limit.
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your 
credit limit at any time. This will not affect your obligation  
to pay us. 
Using Your Account
(1) This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card or Account. It will continue to apply even after your 
Account is closed, as long as you have a balance.
(2) You must sign the Card immediately when you receive it.
(3) You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to.
(4) You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card and Account.
(5) We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. 
This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account is not in default.
(6) We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we do 
not authorize a transaction.
(7)
 We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason.
(8) You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any illegal 
activity. Y
ou are responsible for any charges if you do.
(9) 
We are not liable for any losses that may result when 
our services are unavailable due to reasons beyond  
our control.
(10) You may use your Account for purchases at 
participating retail locations that accept the Card.
Promotional Credit Plans
From time to time, we may offer one or more promotional 
Credit Plans prior to or at the time of your purchase. Only 
certain purchases may be eligible for promotional Credit 
Plans. These Credit Plans may have special repayment 
terms and are conditioned on your timely payment of at 
least the required payment amount each Billing Cycle.
1. Waived Interest Charge - With this plan there are  
no Interest Charges on your purchases for a  
specified period.
2. Reduced Rate - With this plan, you will receive a 
reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) on your 
purchase for a specified period. 
3.
 Same as Cash / Monthly Payment - With this plan, 
there are no Interest Charges on your purchase if you 
repay the full cash price of the purchase before the 
promotional expiration date shown on your Statement. 
If you do not repay in full by the promotional expiration 
date, 
Interest Charges will be imposed on the 
promotional purchase from the purchase date. 
Authorized Users
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, they are 
an Authorized User. We may require certain information 
about them. We may limit their ability to use your Card. 
They may have access to certain information about your 
Account. You will be responsible for their use of the 
Account and anyone else they allow to use your Account, 
even if you did not want, or agree to, that use. 
Removing an Authorized User
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. 
You will be responsible even if these amounts do not 
appear on your Account until later. 
1
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number.
Your Promise to Pay
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes. 
Statements
We will generally send or make available to you one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of each 
Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law may not 
require us to send or make available to you a Statement, or 
may prohibit us from doing so.
Disputed Transactions
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described in 
the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other 
Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify us of an 
error, we will assume that all information on the Statement 
is correct. 
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also:
(1)  
 
 
give us any information about the disputed transaction, 
if we ask;
(2) not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the 
transaction amount from the merchant or any other 
person; and
(3) help us get reimbursement from others.
No Warranties
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement.
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without 
your permission, you must contact Customer Service 
immediately. You will not be responsible for transactions on 
your Account that we find are unauthorized.
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you will 
help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement from 
the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us documents in a 
form that we request. 
Interest Charges and Fees
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-In-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
on any unpaid amount from the date of the transaction, 
date the transaction is processed or the first day of the 
Billing Cycle. However, we will not charge you interest 
on any new transactions posted to your Account if you 
pay your “New Balance” in full by the due date on your 
Statement each month. If you did not pay your “New 
Balance” in full when due for a Billing Cycle, interest will 
continue to accrue between the time that we calculate your 
“New Balance,” as reflected on your Statement, and when 
we receive your payment. This interest will post on your 
next Statement. That is why if you start accruing Interest 
Charges, you generally must pay your “New Balance” in full 
for two consecutive Billing Cycles before Interest Charges 
stop posting to your Statement. 
If you have a Waived Interest Charge, Reduced Rate or 
Same as Cash Credit Plan balance, we will exclude that 
promotional plan balance from the amount you must pay 
in full to avoid Interest Charges. However, you must still 
pay the full non-promotional purchase Credit Plan balance 
displayed on your Billing Statement each month, plus any 
minimum payment due appearing on your Statement.
For Same as Cash Credit Plans, we will not charge you 
interest on your promotional purchase if you repay the full 
amount of the purchase before the expiration date shown 
on your Statement. If you do not repay the promotional 
purchase in full by the expiration date, Interest Charges will 
be imposed on the promotional purchase from the date of 
the purchase.
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to your 
Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures provide 
for them. We may increase your Interest Charges and Fees 
as described in the Changes to Your Agreement section 
or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
Late Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive your 
payment as instructed on your Statement by the payment 
due date.
Minimum Payment
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount by 
the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you: 
(1) the minimum payment due,
(2) your new balance,
(3) the payment due date, and
(4) an explanation of when the payment must reach us for 
us to consider it received as of that date.
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce your 
Account balance, but they will not change your minimum 
payment amount.
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay all or 
part of the total balance on your Account. But, you must 
still pay at least 
the minimum payment amount each month, 
even if you paid more than the minimum payment due on 
the previous Statement. We will continue to charge Interest 
Charges during Billing Cycles when you carry a balance 
regardless of whether your Statement includes a minimum 
payment that is due. If your Account is 180 days past due, 
is part of a bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged 
off, the total balance is immediately due and payable.
Making Payments
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not make 
payments with funds from your Account or any other credit 
account with us or any other company in the Capital One 
organization. You must send mailed payments to us as 
instructed on your Statement, unless we tell you otherwise. 
Other Payment Services
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services. 
2
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects a 
payment made using our payment services.
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we 
may provide that person with limited Account information 
necessary to set up and process that payment. We may 
also refuse to accept that payment. If we do accept it, you 
will be responsible for that payment even if a financial 
institution rejects it. 
Payment Processing
We may accept and process payments without losing any 
of our rights. We may delay the availability of credit until we 
confirm that your payment has cleared. This may happen 
even if we credit your payment to your Account. We may 
resubmit and collect returned payments electronically. If 
necessary, we may adjust your Account to correct errors, 
process returned and reversed payments, and handle 
similar issues.
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize 
us to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your 
deposit account. You also authorize us to process the 
payment as an Item. We may withdraw the funds from 
your deposit account as early as the same day we receive 
your payment. You will not receive your Item back from 
your bank. We will provide additional information about this 
process on your Statement. 
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended. 
How We Apply Your Payments
Your Account may have Credit Plans with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). If your Account has Credit 
Plan balances with different APRs, here is how we apply 
payments in a Billing Cycle: 
(1)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We generally apply credits and payments up to your 
minimum payment first to the balance with the lowest 
APR, and then to balances with higher APRs. 
(2) We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest 
APR, 
and then to balances with lower APRs.
If your Account
 has a Same as Cash Credit Plan balance, 
we will treat that balance as having a 0% APR for this 
purpose, until the last two Billing Cycles of the promotional 
period. During the last two full Billing Cycles of the 
promotional period, we will apply payments exceeding the 
minimum payment to the Same as Cash Credit Plan(s) that 
is expiring, in the order of expiration date. 
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions, 
or Instructions
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, 
conditions, limitations, or special instructions to:
Capital One 
P.O. Box 1330 
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications.
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process it 
without losing any of our rights.
Credit Balances
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance.
Account Default
You will be in default if:
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due;
(2) any payment you make is rejected, not paid or cannot 
be processed;
(3) you exceed a credit limit;
(4) you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding;
(5) you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity; 
(6) we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us; 
(7) you do not comply with any term of this Agreement or 
any other agreement with us; or
(8) you permanently reside outside the United States.
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice: 
(1)
 charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees  on 
your Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures;
(2) close or suspend your Account;
(3) lower your credit limit(s);
(4) demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account;
(5) continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees
 as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or
(6) file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law
. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts.
Communications
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account.
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone 
number (including a mobile telephone number that you 
provide us), and use an automated telephone dialing 
system or similar device to do so. You agree that we may 
monitor or record any conversation or other communication 
with you. 
Credit Reports
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, or 
other defaults on your Account may be reflected in your 
credit report. Information we provide may appear on your 
and the Authorized Users’ credit reports.
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate information 
about your Account to a credit bureau or other consumer 
reporting agency, notify us in writing at P.O. Box 30281, 
Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0281. When you write, tell us the 
specific information that you believe is incorrect and why 
you believe it is incorrect. 
3
We may obtain and use credit, income and other 
information about you from credit bureaus and others as 
the law allows. 
Closing or Suspending Your Account
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close 
 your Account.
We may close or suspend your Account at any time  
and for any reason permitted by law, even if you are  
not in default. 
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close or 
permanently suspend your Account, you must return or 
destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts you 
owe on the Account.
Changes to Your Agreement
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing so. 
We will give you notice of any changes as required by law. 
We may notify you of changes on your Statement or in a 
separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and how the 
changes will take effect. The notice will describe any rights 
you have in connection with the changes. 
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as 
the index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase your 
APRs for any other reason, or if we change your Fees or 
other terms of your Account, we will notify you as required 
by law.
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part of 
this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts will 
remain in effect.
Waiver
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose not 
to take any action for any reason. We may waive our right 
without notifying you. For example, we may waive your 
Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and without 
losing our right to charge them in the future. 
Assignment
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of your 
and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, assign 
or transfer your Account or this Agreement to someone 
else without our written permission. 
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior notice 
to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our place under 
this Agreement. You must pay them and perform all of your 
obligations to them and not us. If you pay us after we notify 
you that we have transferred your Account or this Agreement, 
we can return the payment to you, forward the payment to 
the assignee, or handle it in another way that is reasonable.
Glossary
•  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
“Account” means your Card Account with us.
•“Authorized User” means a person who may use  
the Card, but is not responsible for the repayment  
of the Account. 
•
“Billing Cycle” means the period of time reflected 
on a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is 
approximately 30 days. You will have a Billing Cycle even 
if a 
Statement is not required. We will often specify a 
Billing Cycle by the month in which its closing date occurs. 
For example, a “March Billing Cycle” will have a closing 
date in March. We may also refer to a Billing Cycle as a 
“Billing Period”. If your Account balance has charged off, 
we may switch to quarterly Billing Cycles for your Account.
•“Card” means any Capital One credit card associated 
with your Account. This includes all renewals and 
substitutions. It also means any other access device for 
your Account we give you that allows you to obtain credit, 
including any Account
 number.
•“Credit Plans” mean the different parts of your Account 
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, pricing, 
or other terms. The sum of your Credit Plan balances 
equals your total Account balance.
•
“Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not 
based on the Annual Percentage Rates.
•“Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account
 
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates.
•“Item” means a check, draft, money order or other 
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account. This 
includes any image of these instruments.
•
“Statement” means a document showing important 
Account information, including all transactions billed to 
your Account
 during a Billing Cycle and information about 
what you must pay. W
e may also refer to your Statement 
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”. 
•“Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that 
the federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z require for 
any Account
. This includes your application and solicitation 
disclosures, Account opening disclosures, subsequent 
disclosures, Statements, and change in terms notices.
4
© 2020 Capital One
Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved.
BR411055
    M-131162 COF Customer Agreement 431

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for Neiman Marcus-Bergdorf Goodman Cards.pdf-255660.pdf ===

Credit Card Agreement for Neiman Marcus/Bergdorf Goodman Cards in Capital One, N.A.
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you may differ depending 
on the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. The Customer Agreement contains 
important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. Please visit www.capitalone.com to view 
o
ur online credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log in to your account if you would like to 
request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s).
CAPITAL
 ONE PRICING INFORMATION 
Annual Percentage Rate 
(APR) for Purchases
29.74%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
How to Avoid Paying 
Interest on Purchases
Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you 
interest on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due 
date each month. 
For Credit Card Tips from 
the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, 
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at  
 
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Annual Fee None.
Penalty Fees
• Late Payment Up to $40.
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions)”. See the 
“How Do You Calculate the Interest Charge?” section.
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD
How Do You Calculate My Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your Billing Cycle which begins in January, April, July and 
October: Purchase APR: Prime plus 22.24%. Any increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your 
Minimum Payment.
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Purchase APR is 
0.08148%. See the “How Do You Calculate the Interest Charge?” section.
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions).
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each Credit Plan, we 1) take the beginning balance and add in 
new transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits 
for that Credit Plan as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each Credit Plan. However, if you paid your previous 
month’s non-promotional purchases balance in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which 
post to your purchase or special purchase Credit Plans are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a 
grace period are not added to the daily balances.
 
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance we: 1) add the daily balances together for each Credit Plan, and 2) divide the sum by 
the number of days in the Billing Cycle. 
At the end of each Billing Cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by  
the daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for each Credit Plan, and 2) multiply the result by the number of days in the  
billing period. 
We add the Interest Charges for all Credit Plans together. The result is your total Interest Charge for the Billing Cycle. 
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, this calculation may vary from the Interest Charge actually assessed.
©2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www.capitalone.com.
Neiman Marcus or Bergdorf Goodman Card  
issued by Capital One Customer Agreement
Welcome to Capital One
Thank you for opening a credit card account with us. 
This Customer Agreement, including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”), contains the terms of your agreement with 
Capital One.
Definitions
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in the 
Glossary section at the end of this Agreement.
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant and co-
applicant for the Account; any person responsible for paying 
the Account; and any person responsible for complying 
with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and “Capital One” 
mean Capital One, National Association; and its agents, 
authorized representatives, successors, and assignees.
Account Documents
The following documents govern your Account with us:
(1) 
 
 
 
this Agreement;
(2) all Statements;
(3) any privacy notices;
(4)  all disclosures and materials provided to you before or 
when you opened your Account;
(5)  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and
(6)  any future changes we make to any of the above.
Please read these carefully and keep them for  
future reference.
New Offers
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that we 
think may interest you. The terms of these offers may differ 
from the standard terms on your Account. This Agreement 
will still apply.
Account Information
We need information about you to manage your Account. 
This includes:
(1) 
 
 
 
 
 
your legal name;
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address (if 
different);
(3) your date of birth;
(4)  your Social Security number or other government 
identification number we accept;
(5) your telephone number(s); and
(6) your employment and income information.
You must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. We 
may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify your 
information, or if you do not provide it as requested.
Credit Limit
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limit. This will also appear on your Statement. We may also 
refer to your credit limit as your credit line.
You are responsible for keeping track of your balance and 
your available credit. You must manage your Account to 
remain below your credit limits. We may honor transactions 
above your credit limits, but if we do these transactions 
will not increase your credit limit. You are responsible for 
paying for any transaction you make above your credit limit.
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your 
credit limit at any time. This will not affect your obligation  
to pay us.
Using Your Account
(1)  This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card or Account. It will continue to apply even after your 
Account is closed, as long as you have a balance.
(2)  You must sign the Card immediately when you receive it.
(3)  You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to.
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card and Account.
(5)  We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. 
This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account is not in default.
(6)  W
e are not responsible for any losses you incur if we do 
not authorize a transaction.
(7) 
 We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason.
(8)  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any illegal 
activity
. You are responsible for any charges if you do.
(9)  We are not liable for any losses that may result when 
our services are unavailable due to reasons beyond 
 
our control.
(10)  You may use your 
Account for purchases at 
participating retail locations that accept the Card.
Promotional Credit Plans
From time to time, we may offer one or more promotional 
Credit Plans prior to or at the time of your purchase. Only 
certain purchases may be eligible for promotional Credit 
Plans. These Credit Plans may have special repayment 
terms and are conditioned on your timely payment of at 
least the required payment amount each Billing Cycle.
1.  Waived Interest Charge - With this plan there are no 
Interest Charges on your purchase for a specified period.
2.  Reduced Rate - With this plan, you will receive a 
reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) on your 
purchase for a specified period.
Authorized Users
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, they are 
an Authorized User. We may require certain information 
about them. We may limit their ability to use your Card. 
They may have access to certain information about your 
Account. You will be responsible for their use of the 
Account and anyone else they allow to use your Account, 
even if you did not want, or agree to, that use.
Removing an Authorized User
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. 
You will be responsible even if these amounts do not appear 
on your Account until later. Authorized Users may remove 
themselves from your Account upon request. We reserve the 
right to remove them from your Account for any reason. To 
remove them from your Account, we may close your existing 
Account and issue a new Card with a new Account number.
Your Promise to Pay
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
1
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes.
Statements
We will generally send, or make available to you, one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of each 
Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law may not 
require us to send, or make available to you, a Statement, 
or may prohibit us from doing so.
Disputed Transactions
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described in 
the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other 
Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify us of an 
error, we will assume that all information on the Statement 
is correct.
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also:
(1)  give us any information about the disputed transaction, 
if we ask;
(2)  not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the 
transaction amount from the merchant or any other 
person; and
(3) help us get reimbursement from others.
No Warranties
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement.
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without 
your permission, you must contact Customer Service 
immediately. You will not be responsible for transactions on 
your Account that we find are unauthorized.
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you will 
help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement from 
the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us documents in a 
form that we request.
Interest Charges and Fees
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
on any unpaid amount from the date of the transaction, date 
the transaction is processed or the first day of the Billing 
Cycle. However, we will not charge you interest on any 
new transactions posted to your Account if you pay your 
“New Balance” in full by the due date on your Statement 
each month. If you did not pay your “New Balance” in full 
when due for a Billing Cycle, interest will continue to accrue 
between the time that we calculate your “New Balance,” 
as reflected on your Statement, and when we receive your 
payment. This interest will post on your next Statement. That 
is why if you start accruing Interest Charges, you generally 
must pay your “New Balance” in full for two consecutive 
Billing Cycles before Interest Charges stop posting to 
your Statement. If you have a Waived Interest Charge or 
Reduced Rate Credit Plan balance, we will exclude that 
promotional plan balance from the amount you must pay 
in full to avoid Interest Charges. However, you must still 
pay the full non-promotional purchase Credit Plan balance 
displayed on your Billing Statement each month, plus any 
minimum payment due appearing on your Statement.
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below
. These Fees apply to your 
Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures provide 
for them. We may increase your Interest Charges and Fees 
as described in the Changes to Y
our Agreement section 
or in your T
ruth-in-Lending Disclosures.
Late Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive your 
payment as instructed on your Statement by the payment 
due date.
Minimum Payment
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount by 
the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you:
(1) 
 
 
 
the minimum payment due,
(2) your new balance,
(3) the payment due date, and
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us for 
us to consider it received as of that date.
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce your 
Account balance, but they will not change your minimum 
payment amount.
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay all or 
part of the total balance on your Account. But, you must 
still pay at least the minimum payment amount each month, 
even if you paid more than the minimum payment due on 
the previous Statement. We will continue to charge Interest 
Charges during Billing Cycles when you carry a balance 
regardless of whether your Statement includes a minimum 
payment that is due. If your Account
 is 180 days past due, 
is part of a bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged 
off, the total balance is immediately due and payable.
Making Payments
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not make 
payments with funds from your Account or any other credit 
account with us or any other company in the Capital One 
organization. You must send mailed payments to us as 
instructed on your Statement, unless we tell you otherwise.
Other Payment Services
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services.
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects a 
payment made using our payment services.
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we 
may provide that person with limited Account information 
necessary to set up and process that payment. We may 
also refuse to accept that payment. If we do accept it, you 
will be responsible for that payment even if a financial 
institution rejects it.
Payment Processing
We may accept and process payments without losing any 
of our rights. We may delay the availability of credit until we 
confirm that your payment has cleared. This may happen 
even if we credit your payment to your Account. We may 
resubmit and collect returned payments electronically. If 
necessary, we may adjust your Account to correct errors, 
process returned and reversed payments, and handle 
similar issues.
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize 
us to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your 
deposit account. You also authorize us to process the 
2
payment as an Item. We may withdraw the funds from 
your deposit account as early as the same day we receive 
your payment. You will not receive your Item back from 
your bank. We will provide additional information about this 
process on your Statement.
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended.
How We Apply Your Payments
Your Account may have Credit Plans with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). If your Account has Credit 
Plan balances with different APRs, here is how we apply 
payments in a Billing Cycle:
(1)  We generally apply credits and payments up to your 
minimum payment first to the balance with the lowest 
APR, and then to balances with higher APRs.
(2)  We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest APR, 
and then to balances with lower APRs.
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions,  
or Instructions
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, conditions, 
limitations, or special instructions to:
Capital One 
P.O. Box 1330
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar language. 
This also includes all accompanying communications.
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process it 
without losing any of our rights.
Credit Balances
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance.
Account Default
You will be in default if:
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due;
(2)  any payment you make is rejected, not paid or cannot 
be processed;
(3) you exceed a credit limit;
(4)  you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding;
(5)  you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity;
(6)  we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us;
(7)  you do not comply with any term of this Agreement or 
any other agreement with us; or
(8)  you permanently reside outside the United States.
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice:
(1) 
 charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees
 on 
your Account
, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures;
(2)
 close or suspend your Account;
(3) lower your credit limit(s);
(4)
  demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account;
(5)  continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or
(6)
  file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts.
Communications
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account.
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone number 
(including a mobile telephone number that you provide us), 
and use an automated telephone dialing system or similar 
device to do so. You agree that we may monitor or record 
any conversation or other communication with you.
Credit Reports
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, or 
other defaults on your Account may be reflected in your 
credit report. Information we provide may appear on your 
and the Authorized Users’ credit reports.
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate information 
about your Account to a credit bureau or other consumer 
reporting agency, notify us in writing at P.O. Box 30281, 
Salt Lake City, UT
 84130-0281. When you write, tell us the 
specific information that you believe is incorrect and why 
you believe it is incorrect.
We may obtain and use credit, income and other 
information about you from credit bureaus and others as 
the law allows.
Closing or Suspending Your Account
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close  
your Account.
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default.
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close or 
permanently suspend your Account, you must return or 
destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts you 
owe on the Account.
Changes to Your Agreement
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing so. 
We will give you notice of any changes as required by law. 
We may notify you of changes on your Statement or in a 
separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and how the 
changes will take effect. The notice will describe any rights 
you have in connection with the changes.
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as the 
index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase your APRs 
for any other reason, or if we change your Fees or other 
terms of your Account, we will notify you as required by law.
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
3
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part of 
this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts will 
remain in effect.
Waiver
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose not 
to take any action for any reason. We may waive our right 
without notifying you. For example, we may waive your 
Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and without 
losing our right to charge them in the future.
Assignment
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of your 
and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, assign 
or transfer your Account or this Agreement to someone else 
without our written permission.
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior notice 
to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our place under 
this Agreement. You must pay them and perform all of your 
obligations to them and not us. If you pay us after we notify 
you that we have transferred your Account or this Agreement, 
we can return the payment to you, forward the payment to the 
assignee, or handle it in another way that is reasonable.
Glossary
•  “Account” means your Card Account with us.
•  “Authorized User” means a person who may use  
the Card, but is not responsible for the repayment of  
the Account
.
•  “Billing Cycle” means the period of time reflected
 
on a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is 
approximately 30 days. You will have a Billing Cycle even
 
if a Statement is not required. We will often specify a 
Billing Cycle by the month in which its closing date occurs. 
For example, a “March Billing Cycle” will have a closing 
date in March. We may also refer to a Billing Cycle as a 
“Billing Period”. If your Account balance has charged off, 
we may switch to quarterly Billing Cycles for your Account.
•  “Card” means the Neiman Marcus or Bergdorf Goodman 
credit card issued by Capital One associated with your 
Account. This includes all renewals and substitutions. It 
also means any other access device for your Account we 
give you that allows you to obtain credit, including any 
Account number.
•  “Credit Plans” mean the dif
ferent parts of your Account 
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, pricing, 
or other terms. The sum of your Credit Plan balances 
equals your total Account balance.
•
  “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not 
based on the Annual Percentage Rates.
•  “Interest Charges” means any charges to  
your Account based on the application of Annual 
Percentage Rates.
• 
 “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other 
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account. This 
includes any image of these instruments.
• 
 “Statement” means a document showing important 
Account information, including all transactions billed to 
your Account during a Billing Cycle and information about 
what you must pay
. We may also refer to your Statement 
as a “Periodic Statement
” or a “Billing Statement”.
•  “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures 
that the federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z 
require for any Account. This includes your application 
and solicitation disclosures, Account opening disclosures, 
subsequent disclosures, Statements, and change in terms 
notices.
4
© 2021 Capital One
Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved.
BR411054    M-131152 COF Customer Agreement 430

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for Pottery Barn Key Rewards Card.pdf-255652.pdf ===

Credit Card Agreement for Williams Sonoma Key Rewards Card, Pottery Barn Key 
Rewards Card, West Elm Key Rewards Card, Key Rewards Card in Capital One, N.A.
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending on 
the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. Not all offers will contain introductory rates. The 
Customer Agreement contains important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. Please 
visit www.capitalone.com to view our online credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log in to your 
account if you would like to request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s).
Annual Percentage Rate
Annual Percentage Rate
(APR) for Purchases
31.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
How to Avoid Paying
Interest on Purchases
Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you 
interest on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due date 
each month.
For Credit Card Tips from
the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,  
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Fees
Annual Fee None.
Penalty Fees
• Late Payment Up to $40.
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See 
“How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below.
What Are My “Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other T
ruth-in-Lending Disclosures.
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD
How Do 
You Calculate My Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your Billing Cycle which begins in January, April, July and 
October: Purchase APR: Prime plus 23.74%. Any increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your 
Minimum Payment.
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Purchase APR is 
0.08559%. See “How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below.
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each Credit Plan, 1) take the beginning balance and add in new 
transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits for 
that Credit Plan as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each Credit Plan. However
, if you paid your previous month’s 
non-promotional balance in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which post to your purchase 
or special purchase Credit 
Plan are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a grace period are not added 
to the daily balances.
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance: 1) 
add the daily balances together for each Credit Plan, and 2) 
divide the sum by the 
number of days in the Billing Cycle.
At the end of each billing cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for that Credit Plan, and 2) multiply the result by the number of days in the billing 
period. We add the Interest Charges for all Credit Plans together. The result is your total Interest Charge for the Billing Cycle.
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum Interest Charge, this calculation may vary from the Interest Charge actually assessed.
© 2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www
.capitalone.com.
Capital One Customer Agreement
Welcome to Capital One
Thank you for opening a credit card account with us. 
This Customer Agreement, including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”), contains the terms of your agreement with 
Capital One.
Definitions
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in the 
Glossary section at the end of this Agreement.
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant and co-
applicant for the Account; any person responsible for paying 
the Account; and any person responsible for complying 
with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and “Capital One” 
mean Capital One, National Association; and its agents, 
authorized representatives, successors, and assignees.
Account Documents
The following documents govern your Account with us:
(1) this Agreement;
(2) all Statements;
(3) any privacy notices;
(4)  all disclosures and materials provided to you before or 
when you opened your Account;
(5)  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and
(6)  any future changes we make to any of the above.
Please read these carefully and keep them for  
future reference.
New Offers
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that we 
think may interest you. The terms of these offers may differ 
from the standard terms on your Account. This Agreement 
will still apply.
Account Information
We need information about you to manage your Account. 
This includes:
(1) your legal name;
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address  
(if different);
(3) your date of birth;
(4)  your Social Security number or other government 
identification number we accept;
(5)  your telephone number(s); and
(6) your employment and income information.
Y
ou must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. We 
may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify your 
information, or if you do not provide it as requested.
Credit Limit
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limit. This will also appear on your Statement. We may also 
refer to your credit limit as your credit line. 
You are responsible for keeping track of your balance and 
your available credit. You must manage your Account to 
remain below your credit limit. We may honor transactions 
above your credit limit, but if we do these transactions 
will not increase your credit limit. You are responsible for 
paying for any transaction you make above your credit limit.
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your 
credit limit at any time. This will not affect your obligation to 
pay us.
Using Your Account
(1)  This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card or Account. It will continue to apply even after your 
Account is closed, as long as you have a balance.
(2)  You must sign the Card immediately when you receive it.
(3)  You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to.
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card and Account.
(5)  We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account is not in default.
(6)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we do 
not authorize a transaction.
(7)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason.
(8)  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any illegal 
activity. You are responsible for any charges if you do.
(9)  We are not liable for any losses that may result when 
our services are unavailable due to reasons beyond  
our control.
(10)  You may use your Account for purchases at 
participating retail locations that accept the Card.
Promotional Credit Plans
From time to time, we may offer one or more promotional 
Credit Plans prior to, or at the time of, your purchase. 
Only certain purchases may be eligible for promotional 
Credit Plans. These Credit Plans may have special 
repayment terms and are conditioned on your timely 
payment of at least the required payment amount each 
Billing Cycle.
1. Waived Interest Charge — With this plan there are no 
Interest Charges on your purchase for a specified period.
2. Reduced Rate — With this plan, you will receive a 
reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) on your 
purchase for a specified period.
Authorized Users
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, they are 
an Authorized User. We may require certain information 
about them. We may limit their ability to use your Card. 
They may have access to certain information about your 
Account. You will be responsible for their use of the 
Account and anyone else they allow to use your Account, 
even if you did not want, or agree to, that use.
Removing an Authorized User
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. 
You will be responsible even if these amounts do not 
appear on your Account until later. Authorized Users may 
1
remove themselves from your Account upon request. We 
reserve the right to remove them from your Account for any 
reason. To remove them from your Account, we may close 
your existing Account and issue a new Card with a new 
Account number.
Your Promise to Pay
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes.
Statements
We will generally send, or make available to you, one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of each 
Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law may not 
require us to send, or make available to you, a Statement, 
or may prohibit us from doing so.
Disputed Transactions
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described in 
the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other 
Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify us of an 
error, we will assume that all information on the Statement 
is correct.
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also:
(1) 
 
 
 give us any information about the disputed transaction, 
if we ask;
(2)  not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the 
transaction amount from the merchant or any other 
person; and
(3) help us get reimbursement from others.
No Warranties
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement.
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without 
your permission, you must contact Customer Service 
immediately. You will not be responsible for transactions on 
your Account that we find are unauthorized.
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you will 
help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement from 
the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us documents in a 
form that we request.
Interest Charges and Fees
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
on any unpaid amount from the date of the transaction, date 
the transaction is processed or the first day of the Billing 
Cycle. However, we will not charge you interest on any 
new transactions posted to your Account if you pay your 
“New Balance” in full by the due date on your Statement 
each month. If you did not pay your “New Balance” in full 
when due for a Billing Cycle, interest will continue to accrue 
between the time that we calculate your “New Balance,” 
as reflected on your Statement, and when we receive your 
payment. This interest will post on your next Statement. 
That is why if you start accruing Interest Charges, you 
generally must pay your “New Balance” in full for two 
consecutive Billing Cycles before Interest Charges stop 
posting to your Statement. If you have a Waived Interest 
Charge or Reduced Rate Credit Plan balance, we will 
exclude that promotional plan balance from the amount you 
must pay in full to avoid Interest Charges. However, you 
must still pay the full non-promotional purchase Credit Plan 
balance displayed on your Statement each month, plus any 
minimum payment due appearing on your Statement.
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to your 
Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures provide 
for them. We may increase your Interest Charges and Fees 
as described in the Changes to Your Agreement section 
or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
Late Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive your 
payment as instructed on your Statement by the payment 
due date.
Minimum Payment
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount by 
the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you:
(1) 
 
 
the minimum payment due,
(2)
your new balance,
(3) the payment due date, and
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us for 
us to consider it received as of that date.
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce your 
Account balance, but they will not change your minimum 
payment amount. 
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay all or 
part of the total balance on your Account. But, you must 
still pay at least the minimum payment amount each month, 
even if you paid more than the minimum payment due on 
the previous Statement. We will continue to charge Interest 
Charges during Billing Cycles when you carry a balance 
regardless of whether your Statement includes a minimum 
payment that is due. If your Account is 180 days past due, 
is part of a bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged 
off, the total balance is immediately due and payable.
Making Payments
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not make 
payments with funds from your Account or any other credit 
account with us or any other company in the Capital One 
organization. You must send mailed payments to us as 
instructed on your Statement, unless we tell you otherwise.
Other Payment Services
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services.
2
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects a 
payment made using our payment services.
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we 
may provide that person with limited Account information 
necessary to set up and process that payment. We may 
also refuse to accept that payment. If we do accept it, you 
will be responsible for that payment even if a financial 
institution rejects it.
Payment Processing
We may accept and process payments without losing any 
of our rights. We may delay the availability of credit until we 
confirm that your payment has cleared. This may happen 
even if we credit your payment to your Account. We may 
resubmit and collect returned payments electronically. If 
necessary, we may adjust your Account to correct errors, 
process returned and reversed payments, and handle 
similar issues.
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize 
us to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your 
deposit account. You also authorize us to process the 
payment as an Item. We may withdraw the funds from 
your deposit account as early as the same day we receive 
your payment. You will not receive your Item back from 
your bank. We will provide additional information about this 
process on your Statement.
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended.
How We Apply Your Payments
Your Account may have Credit Plans with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). If your Account has Credit 
Plan balances with different APRs, here is how we apply 
payments in a Billing Cycle:
(1) 
 
 W
e generally apply credits and payments up to your 
minimum payment first to the balance with the lowest 
APR, and then to balances with higher APRs.
(2)  W
e apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest APR, 
and then to balances with lower APRs.
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions,  
or Instructions
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, conditions, 
limitations, or special instructions to:
Capital One  
P.O. Box 1330
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar language. 
This also includes all accompanying communications.
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process it 
without losing any of our rights.
Credit Balances
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance.
Account Default
You will be in default if:
(1)  you do not make any payment when it is due;
(2) 
 any payment you make is rejected, not paid or cannot 
be processed;
(3) 
 you exceed your credit limit;
(4) 
 you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding;
(5) 
 you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity;
(6) 
 we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us;
(7) 
 you do not comply with any term of this Agreement or 
any other agreement with us; or
(8) 
 you permanently reside outside the United States.
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice:
(1) 
 charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on your 
Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures;
(2)  close or suspend your Account;
(3)  lower your credit limit(s);
(4) 
 demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account;
(5) 
 continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or
(6)  file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts.
Communications
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account.
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone number 
(including a mobile telephone number that you provide us), 
and use an automated telephone dialing system or similar 
device to do so. You agree that we may monitor or record 
any conversation or other communication with you.
Credit Reports
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, or 
other defaults on your Account may be reflected in your 
credit report. Information we provide may appear on your 
and the Authorized Users’ credit reports.
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate information 
about your Account to a credit bureau or other consumer 
reporting agency, notify us in writing at Attn: Credit Bureau 
Disputes, Capital One, P.O. Box 31293, Salt Lake City, 
UT 84131-1293. When you write, tell us the specific 
information that you believe is incorrect and why you 
believe it is incorrect.
3
We may obtain and use credit, income and other 
information about you from credit bureaus and others as 
the law allows.
Closing or Suspending Your Account
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close 
your Account.
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default.
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close or 
permanently suspend your Account, you must return or 
destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts you 
owe on the Account.
Changes to Your Agreement
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing so. 
We will give you notice of any changes as required by law. 
We may notify you of changes on your Statement or in a 
separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and how the 
changes will take effect. The notice will describe any rights 
you have in connection with the changes.
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as 
the index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase your 
APRs for any other reason, or if we change your Fees or 
other terms of your Account, we will notify you as required 
by law.
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part of 
this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts will 
remain in effect.
Waiver
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose not 
to take any action for any reason. We may waive our right 
without notifying you. For example, we may waive your 
Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and without 
losing our right to charge them in the future.
Assignment
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of your 
and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, assign 
or transfer your Account or this Agreement to someone else 
without our written permission.
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior notice 
to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our place under 
this Agreement. You must pay them and perform all of your 
obligations to them and not us. If you pay us after we notify 
you that we have transferred your Account or this Agreement, 
we can return the payment to you, forward the payment to the 
assignee, or handle it in another way that is reasonable.
Glossary
• “Account” means your Card Account with us.
•  “Authorized User” means a person who may use the
Card
, but is not responsible for the repayment of the
Account.
•  “Billing 
Cycle” means the period of time reflected
on a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is
approximately 30 days. You will have a Billing Cycle
even if a Statement is not required. We will often specify
a Billing Cycle by the month in which its closing date
occurs. For example, a “March Billing Cycle” will have a
closing date in March. We may also refer to a Billing Cycle
as a “Billing Period”. If your Account balance has charged
off, we may switch to quarterly Billing Cycles for your
Account.
•
 “Card” means any Pottery Barn, W
est Elm, Williams
Sonoma, or Key Rewards credit card associated with your
Account. This includes all renewals and substitutions. It
also means any other access device for your Account we
give you that allows you to obtain credit, including any
Account number.
•
 “Credit 
Plans” mean the different parts of your Account
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, pricing,
or other terms. The sum of your Credit Plan balances
equals your total Account balance.
•
 “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account
 not
based on the Annual Percentage Rates.
•  “Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates.
•  “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account
. This
includes any image of these instruments. This does not
include an Access Check.
•
 “Statement” means a document showing important
Account
 information, including all transactions billed to
your Account during a Billing Cycle and information about
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”.
•
 “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures
that the federal 
Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z
require for any Account. This includes your application
and solicitation disclosures, Account opening disclosures,
subsequent disclosures, Statements, and change in terms
notices.
4
© 2021 Capital One
Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved.
BR414371 M-133472 4     COF Customer Agreement 443

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for Pottery Barn Key Rewards Visa.pdf-255648.pdf ===

Credit Card Agreement for Williams Sonoma Key Rewards Visa, Pottery Barn Key 
Rewards Visa, West Elm Key Rewards Visa, Key Rewards Visa in Capital One, N.A. 
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending on 
the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. Not all offers will contain introductory rates. The 
Customer Agreement contains important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. Please 
visit 
www.capitalone.com to view our online credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log in to your 
account if you would like to request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s). 
Annual Percentage Rate 
Annual Percentage Rate 
(APR) for Purchases
29.24%. 
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
APR for Transfers 29.24%. 
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
APR for Cash Advances 29.24%. 
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
Paying Interest Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest 
on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due date each 
month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and transfers on the transaction date. 
For Credit Card Tips from 
the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau 
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,  
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at 
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. 
Fees 
Annual Fee None. 
Transaction Fees 
• Transfer 3% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR 
that we may offer you. 
None for balances transferred at the Balance Transfer APR.  
• Cash Advance Either $3 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. 
Penalty Fees 
• Late Payment Up to $40. 
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See 
“How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section. 
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD 
How Do You Calculate My Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your Billing Cycle which begins in January, April, July and 
October: Purchase APR: Prime plus 21.74%; Transfer APR: Prime plus 21.74%; Cash Advance APR: Prime plus 21.74%. Any 
increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your Minimum Payment. 
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Purchase APR is 0.08011%, 
Transfer APR is 0.08011%, and Cash Advance APR is 0.08011%. See “
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section. 
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). Under 
this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each Credit Plan, we, 
1) take the beginning balance and add in new transactions 
and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits for that Credit Plan as of 
that day. The result is the daily balance for each Credit Plan. However, if you paid your previous month’s non-promotional purchases 
balance in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which post to your purchase or special purchase 
Credit Plans are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a grace period are not added to the daily balances. 
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance: 1) add the daily balances together for each Credit Plan, and 2) divide the sum by the 
number of days in the Billing Cycle. 
At the end of each Billing Cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for each Credit Plan, and 2) multiply the result by the number of days in the billing 
period. We add the Interest Charges for all Credit Plans together. The result is your total Interest Charge for the Billing Cycle. 
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum Interest Charge, this calculation may vary from the Interest Charge actually assessed. 
©2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www.capitalone.com.
Capital One Customer Agreement 
Welcome to Capital One 
This Customer Agreement, including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”), contains the terms of your agreement with 
Capital One. 
Definitions 
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in the 
Glossary section at the end of this Agreement. 
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant and co-
applicant for the Account; any person responsible for paying 
the Account; and any person responsible for complying 
with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and “Capital One” 
mean Capital One, National Association; and its agents, 
authorized representatives, successors, and assignees. 
“Williams Sonoma Retailers” means Williams Sonoma, 
Pottery Barn, Pottery Barn Kids, Pottery Barn Teen, West 
Elm, or Mark & Graham retail locations operating within 
the United States, online websites or telephone order 
centers. “Williams Sonoma brand Visa” means Williams 
Sonoma Key Rewards Visa, Pottery Barn Key Rewards 
Visa, West Elm Key Rewards Visa or Key Rewards Visa. If 
your Williams Sonoma brand Visa is accepted in Williams 
Sonoma retailers operating outside the United States, these 
will be considered non-Williams Sonoma purchases. 
Account Documents 
The following documents govern your Account with us: 
(1)  
 
 
this Agreement; 
(2) all Statements; 
(3) any privacy notices; 
(4)  your Card benefits brochure which describes benefits 
provided by the Payment Card Network for your Account; 
(5) 
 
 
 all disclosures and materials provided to you before or 
when you opened your Account; 
(6)  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and 
(7)  any future changes we make to any of the above. 
Please read these carefully and keep them for  
future reference. 
New Offers 
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that we 
think may interest you. The terms of these offers may differ 
from the standard terms on your Account. This Agreement 
will still apply. 
Account Information 
We need information about you to manage your Account. 
This includes: 
((1) your legal name; 
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address  
(if different); 
(3) your date of birth; 
(4)  your Social Security number or other government 
identification number we accept; 
(5)  your telephone number(s); and 
(6) your employment and income information. 
You must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. We 
may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify your 
information, or if you do not provide it as requested. 
Credit Limits 
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limits. These will also appear on your Statement. We 
may also refer to your credit limits as your credit lines. 
We may give you different credit limits for different types 
of transactions or for the different Credit Plans of your 
Account. For example, you may have different credit limits 
for purchases and Cash Advances. 
You are responsible for keeping track of your Credit Plan 
balances and your available credit. You must manage your 
Account to remain below your credit limits. We may honor 
transactions above your credit limits, but if we do these 
transactions will not increase your credit limit. You are 
responsible for paying for any transaction you make above 
your credit limits. 
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your 
credit limit on any Credit Plan at any time. This will not 
affect your obligation to pay us. 
Using Your Account 
(1)  This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card or Account. It will continue to apply even after your 
Account is closed, as long as you have a balance. 
(2)  You must sign the Card immediately when you receive it. 
(3)  You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to. 
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card, Access Checks  
and Account. 
(5)  We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account is not in default. 
(6)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we do 
not authorize a transaction. 
(7)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason. 
(8)  Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable Credit Plan of your 
Account. We will apply it against your available credit for 
that Credit Plan. 
(9)  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any illegal 
activity. You are responsible for any charges if you do. 
(10)   We are not liable for any losses that may result when 
our services are unavailable due to reasons beyond 
our control. 
(11)  You may use your Account for purchases anywhere 
Visa is accepted, and you may obtain Cash Advances 
and Transfers as permitted for your Account. You may 
not use these to pay any amount you owe us or any 
other company in the Capital One organization. 
Rewards 
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to earn 
rewards. If it does, we will separately provide you with 
information and terms about the rewards. 
Promotional Credit Plans 
From time to time, we may offer one or more promotional 
Credit Plans prior to, or at the time of, your purchase. Only 
certain purchases may be eligible for promotional Credit 
Plans. These Credit Plans may have special repayment 
1
terms and are conditioned on your timely payment of at 
least the required payment amount each Billing Cycle. 
1. Waived Interest Charge — With this offer there  
are no Interest Charges on your purchases for a 
specified period. 
2. Reduced Rate — With this offer, you will receive 
a reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) on your 
purchase for a specified period. 
Using a PIN 
We may give you a personal identification number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card. 
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it 
to anyone, or keep it with your Card. If you lose your 
Card or believe the confidentiality of your PIN has been 
compromised for any reason, you must contact Customer 
Service immediately. 
Authorized Users 
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, they are 
an Authorized User. We may require certain information 
about them. We may limit their ability to use your Card. 
They may have access to certain information about your 
Account. You will be responsible for their use of the 
Account and anyone else they allow to use your Account, 
even if you did not want, or agree to, that use. 
Removing an Authorized User 
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. 
You will be responsible even if these amounts do not 
appear on your Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number. 
Your Promise to Pay 
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes. 
Statements 
We will generally send, or make available to you, one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of each 
Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law may not 
require us to send, or make available to you, a Statement, 
or may prohibit us from doing so. 
Disputed Transactions 
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described in 
the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other 
Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify us of an 
error, we will assume that all information on the Statement 
is correct. 
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also: 
(1)  give us any information about the disputed transaction, 
if we ask; 
(2)  not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the transaction 
amount from the merchant or any other person; and 
(3)  help us get reimbursement from others. 
No Warranties 
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement. 
Lost or Stolen Card 
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without 
your permission, you must contact Customer Service 
immediately. You will not be responsible for transactions on 
your Account that we find are unauthorized. 
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you will 
help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement from 
the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us documents in a 
form that we request. 
Interest Charges and Fees 
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
on any unpaid amount from the date of the transaction, date 
the transaction is processed or the first day of the Billing 
Cycle. However, we will not charge you interest on any new 
transactions posted to the purchase Credit Plan of your 
Account if you pay your “New Balance” in full by the due 
date on your Statement each month. If you did not pay your 
“New Balance” in full when due for a Billing Cycle, interest 
will continue to accrue between the time that we calculate 
your “New Balance,” as reflected on your Statement, and 
when we receive your payment. This interest will post 
on your next Statement. That is why if you start accruing 
Interest Charges, you generally must pay your “New 
Balance” in full for two consecutive Billing Cycles before 
Interest Charges stop posting to your Statement. Please 
note, however, that Interest Charges will begin accruing 
immediately for any Cash Advances and other transactions 
that do not post to the purchase Credit Plan. 
From time to time, we may offer Transfers or promotional 
purchase financing that do allow you to pay less than 
the statement “New Balance” and still avoid interest on 
any new transactions that post to the standard purchase 
balance. However, in these cases you must pay in full 
transactions that are posted to the standard purchase 
balance and any Cash Advance balance, plus at least the 
minimum payment amount for all other balances on the 
account by the due date each month. We may also display 
an interest saver payment amount on your statement, if 
applicable, for your convenience. 
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to your 
Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures provide 
2
for them. We may increase your Interest Charges and Fees 
as described in the Changes to Your Agreement section 
or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
Late Payment Fee 
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive your 
payment as instructed on your Statement by the payment 
due date. 
Minimum Payment 
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount by 
the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you: 
(1) the minimum payment due, 
(2) your new balance, 
(3) the payment due date, and 
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us for 
us to consider it received as of that date. 
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce your 
Account balance, but they will not change your minimum 
payment amount. 
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay all or 
part of the total balance on your Account. But, you must 
still pay at least the minimum payment amount each month, 
even if you paid more than the minimum payment due on 
the previous Statement. We will continue to charge Interest 
Charges during Billing Cycles when you carry a balance 
regardless of whether your Statement includes a minimum 
payment that is due. If your Account is 180 days past due, 
is part of a bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged 
off, the total balance is immediately due and payable. 
Making Payments 
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not make 
payments with funds from your Account or any other credit 
account with us or any other company in the Capital One 
organization. You must send mailed payments to us as 
instructed on your Statement, unless we tell you otherwise. 
Other Payment Services 
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services. 
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects a 
payment made using our payment services. 
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we 
may provide that person with limited Account information 
necessary to set up and process that payment. We may 
also refuse to accept that payment. If we do accept it, you 
will be responsible for that payment even if a financial 
institution rejects it. 
Payment Processing 
We may accept and process payments without losing any 
of our rights. We may delay the availability of credit until we 
confirm that your payment has cleared. This may happen 
even if we credit your payment to your Account. We may 
resubmit and collect returned payments electronically. If 
necessary, we may adjust your Account to correct errors, 
process returned and reversed payments, and handle 
similar issues. 
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize 
us to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your 
deposit account. You also authorize us to process the 
payment as an Item. We may withdraw the funds from 
your deposit account as early as the same day we receive 
your payment. You will not receive your Item back from 
your bank. We will provide additional information about this 
process on your Statement. 
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended. 
How We Apply Your Payments 
Your Account may have Credit Plans with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). For example, purchases may 
have a lower APR than Cash Advances. If your Account 
has Credit Plan balances with different APRs, here is how 
we apply payments in a Billing Cycle: 
(1)  We generally apply credits and payments up to your 
minimum payment first to the balance with the lowest 
APR, and then to balances with higher APRs. 
(2)  We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest APR, 
and then to balances with lower APRs. 
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions,  
or Instructions 
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, conditions, 
limitations, or special instructions to: 
Capital One  
P.O. Box 1330 
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330 
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications. 
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process it 
without losing any of our rights. 
Credit Balances 
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance. 
Account Default 
You will be in default if: 
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due; 
(2)  any payment you make is rejected, not paid or cannot 
be processed; 
(3) you exceed a credit limit; 
(4)  you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding; 
(5)  you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity;
3
(6)  we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us; 
(7)  you do not comply with any term of this Agreement or 
any other agreement with us; or 
(8)  you permanently reside outside the United States. 
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice: 
(1)  charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on 
your Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures; 
(2)  close or suspend your Account; 
(3)  lower your credit limit(s); 
(4)  demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account; 
(5)  continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or 
(6)  file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts. 
Communications 
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account. 
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone 
number (including a mobile telephone number that you 
provide us), and use an automated telephone dialing 
system or similar device to do so. You agree that we may 
monitor or record any conversation or other communication 
with you. 
Credit Reports 
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, or 
other defaults on your Account may be reflected in your 
credit report. Information we provide may appear on your 
and the Authorized Users’ credit reports. 
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate information 
about your Account to a credit bureau or other consumer 
reporting agency, notify us in writing at Capital One, 
P.O. 
Box
 
 31293, Salt Lake City, UT 84131-1293. When you 
write, tell us the specific information that you believe is 
incorrect and why you believe it is incorrect. 
We may obtain and use credit, income and other 
information about you from credit bureaus and others as 
the law allows. 
Closing or Suspending Your Account 
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close  
your Account. 
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default. 
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close or 
permanently suspend your Account, you must return or 
destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts you 
owe on the Account. 
Changes to Your Agreement 
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing so. 
We will give you notice of any changes as required by law. 
We may notify you of changes on your Statement or in a 
separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and how the 
changes will take effect. The notice will describe any rights 
you have in connection with the changes. 
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as the 
index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase your APRs 
for any other reason, or if we change your Fees or other 
terms of your Account, we will notify you as required by law. 
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement 
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part of 
this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts will 
remain in effect. 
Waiver 
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose not 
to take any action for any reason. We may waive our right 
without notifying you. For example, we may waive your 
Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and without 
losing our right to charge them in the future. 
Assignment 
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of your 
and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, assign 
or transfer your Account or this Agreement to someone else 
without our written permission. 
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior notice 
to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our place under 
this Agreement. You must pay them and perform all of your 
obligations to them and not us. If you pay us after we notify 
you that we have transferred your Account or this Agreement, 
we can return the payment to you, forward the payment to the 
assignee, or handle it in another way that is reasonable. 
Access Checks 
We may provide you with Access Checks. If we do, we will 
tell you at the time if we consider them purchases, Cash 
Advances or Special Transfers. 
Only the person we designate may use Access Checks. 
You may not use them to pay any amount you owe us or 
any other company in the Capital One organization. We 
may reject and not pay any Access Check if: 
(1)  your Account is past due, charged off, bankrupt, lost/ 
stolen or closed; 
(2) we suspect fraud; 
(3) your Account is over the credit limit; or 
(4)  the check has expired, is damaged or cannot otherwise 
be processed. 
Our liability if we do not pay an Access Check will never be 
more than 
(1) your actual damages or (2) the amount of the 
Access Check, whichever is less. 
Use of an Access Check is not the same as using your 
Card. When you use an Access Check, you will have fewer 
rights to dispute merchant transactions than with uses 
of your Card. Please see the “Billing Rights Summary” 
on your Statement and your other Truth-in- Lending 
Disclosures for more information.
4
5
Stopping Payment of Access Checks 
You may request a stop payment on any Access Check 
by contacting Customer Service. 
We will have a reasonable amount of time after your 
stop payment request to research and complete the stop 
payment. We will not be responsible if we cannot complete 
the stop payment. Reasons include: 
(1) the Access Check was already paid; 
(2) you do not give us the information we asked for; or 
(3) the information you gave us was incorrect. 
We do not have to release the stop payment order unless 
the account holder who made the request asks us to. 
If we re-credit your Account after a valid stop payment 
order, you give us all of your rights against the payee or 
other holder of the paid Access Check. You also agree to 
help us in any legal action we may later take against the 
payee or other holder of the check. 
Cash Advance Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time you take out a 
Cash Advance. We will treat this Fee as a Cash Advance 
transaction. 
Transfer Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time you make a 
Transfer. We will charge the Fee to the same Credit Plan 
where we post the Transfer. 
Transactions Made in Foreign Currencies 
If you make a transaction in a foreign currency, the 
Payment Card Network will convert it into a U.S. dollar 
amount. The Payment Card Network will use its own 
currency conversion procedures. The conversion rate 
in effect on the processing date may differ from the rate 
in effect on the transaction date that appears on your 
Statement. We do not adjust the currency exchange rate or 
charge any currency conversion Fees. 
Glossary 
•  
 
 
“Access Check” means any check we send to you to 
access credit from your Account. We may also refer to 
an Access Check as a “convenience check” or a 
“purchase check”. 
• “Account” means your Card Account with us. 
• “Authorized User” means a person who may use 
the Card, but is not responsible for the repayment of 
the Account. 
• “Balance Transfer” means an amount posted to the 
Balance Transfer Credit Plan of your Account unless 
otherwise described in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
•  
 
 
“Billing Cycle” means the period of time reflected 
on a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is 
approximately 30 days. You will have a Billing Cycle even if 
a Statement is not required. We will often specify a Billing 
Cycle by the month in which its closing date occurs. For 
example, a “March Billing Cycle” will have a closing date 
in March. We may also refer to a Billing Cycle as a “Billing 
Period”. If your Account balance has charged off, we may 
switch to quarterly Billing Cycles for your Account. 
• “Card” means any Pottery Barn, West Elm, Williams 
Sonoma, or Key Rewards credit card associated with your 
Account. This includes all renewals and substitutions. It 
also means any other access device for your Account we 
give you that allows you to obtain credit, including any 
Account number. 
• “Cash Advance” means a loan in cash or things we 
consider cash equivalents, including wire transfers, 
travelers’ checks, money orders, foreign currency, 
lottery tickets, gaming chips, and wagers. We post Cash 
Advances to the Cash Advance Credit Plan of your 
Account and not to your purchase Credit Plan. 
•  
 
 
“Credit Plans” mean the different parts of your Account 
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, pricing, 
or other terms. These may be individual purchases, or 
they may be combined balance types such as Balance 
Transfers and Cash Advances which are under same 
terms. The sum of your Credit Plan balances equals your 
total Account balance. 
• “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not 
based on the Annual Percentage Rates. 
• “Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account 
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates. 
•  
 
 
 
“Item” means a check, draft, money order or other 
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account. This 
includes any image of these instruments. This does not 
include an Access Check. 
• “Payment Card Network” means the network 
provider displayed on your Card. This may be Visa Inc., 
Mastercard International Incorporated, or any other 
network provider. 
• “Special Transfer” means a Transfer posted to a Credit 
Plan of your Account that is not a purchase or Cash 
Advance Credit Plan. 
• “Statement” means a document showing important 
Account information, including all transactions billed to 
your Account during a Billing Cycle and information about 
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement 
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”. 
 • “Transfers” means amounts transferred from other 
accounts to this Account and includes Balance Transfers 
and Special Transfers. 
•  “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that 
the federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z require for 
any Account. This includes your application and solicitation 
disclosures, Account opening disclosures, subsequent 
disclosures, Statements, and change in terms notices. 
© 2021 Capital One 
Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved. 
BR414370      M-133471 COF Customer Agreement 442

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for SaksFirst Store Cards.pdf-255659.pdf ===

Credit Card Agreement for SaksFirst Store Cards in Capital One, N.A.
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you may differ depending 
on the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. The Customer Agreement contains 
important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. Please visit www.capitalone.com to view 
our onl
ine credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log in to your account if you would like to 
request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s). 
CAPITAL ONE PRICING INFORMATION 
Annual Percentage Rate 
(APR) for Purchases
28.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
How to Avoid Paying 
Interest on Purchases
Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you 
interest on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due 
date each month. 
For Credit Card Tips from 
the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, 
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at  
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Annual Fee None.
Penalty Fees
• Late Payment Up to $40. 
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions)”. See the 
“How Do You Calculate the Interest Charge?” section.
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD
How Do You Calculate My Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your Billing Cycle which begins in January, April, July and 
October: Purchase APR: Prime plus 20.74%. Any increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your 
Minimum Payment.
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Purchase APR is 
0.07737%. See the “How Do You Calculate the Interest Charge?” section.
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each Credit Plan, we 1) take the beginning balance and add in 
new transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) 
subtract any payments and credits 
for that Credit Plan as of that day
. The result is the daily balance for each Credit Plan. 
However, if you paid your previous 
month’s non-promotional purchases balance in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which 
post to your purchase or special purchase Credit Plans are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a 
grace period are not added to the daily balances.
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance we: 1) add the daily balances together for each Credit Plan, and 
2) divide the sum by 
the number of days in the Billing Cycle.
At the end of each Billing Cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for each Credit Plan other than Same As Cash Credit Plans, and 2) 
multiply the result 
by the number of days in the billing period. For Same As Cash Credit Plans, if interest is applied, the interest is accrued from the 
transaction date of the purchase through the current Billing Cycle. The Interest Charge for Same as Cash Credit Plans is the total of:
• the applicable daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for the current Billing Cycle times the daily balance for each day in t he
current Billing Cycle; plus
• the applicable daily periodic rate for each prior Billing Cycle times the daily balances of the Credit Plan for each day during  each
prior Billing Cycle.
We add the Interest Charges for all Credit Plans together
. The result is your total Interest Charge for the Billing Cycle.
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, this calculation may vary from the Interest Charge actually assessed.
©2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www.capitalone.com.
Capital One® Customer Agreement
Welcome to Capital One
Thank you for opening a credit card account with us. 
This Customer Agreement, including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”), contains the terms of your agreement with 
Capital One.
Definitions
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in the 
Glossary section at the end of this Agreement.
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant and 
co-applicant for the Account; any person responsible 
for paying the Account; and any person responsible for 
complying with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and 
“Capital One” mean Capital One, National Association; 
and its agents, authorized representatives, successors, 
and assignees.
Account Documents
The following documents govern your Account with us:
(1) this Agreement;
(2) all Statements;
(3) any privacy notices;
(4) all disclosures and materials provided to you before or 
when you opened your Account;
(5) any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and
(6) any future changes we make to any of the above.
Please read these carefully and keep them for future reference.
New Offers
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that we think 
may interest you. The terms of these offers may differ from the 
standard terms on your Account. This Agreement will still apply.
Account Information
We need information about you to manage your Account. 
This includes:
(1) your legal name;
(2) a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address  
(if different);
(3) your date of birth;
(4) your Social Security number or other government 
identification number we accept;
(5) your telephone number(s); and
(6) your employment and income information.
You must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. We 
may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify your 
information, or if you do not provide it as requested.
Credit Limit
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limit. This will also appear on your Statement. We may also 
refer to your credit limit as your credit line.
You are responsible for keeping track of your balance and 
your available credit. You must manage your Account to 
remain below your credit limits. We may honor transactions 
above your credit limits, but if we do these transactions 
will not increase your credit limit. You are responsible for 
paying for any transaction you make above your credit limit.
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your credit 
limit at any time. This will not affect your obligation to pay us.
Using Your Account
(1) This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card or Account. It will continue to apply even after your 
Account is closed, as long as you have a balance.
(2) You must sign the Card immediately when you receive it.
(3) You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to.
(4) You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card and Account.
(5) We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account is not in default.
(6) We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we do 
not authorize a transaction.
(7) We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason.
(8) You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any illegal 
activity. You are responsible for any charges if you do.
(9) We are not liable for any losses that may result when our 
services are unavailable due to reasons beyond our control.
(10) You may use your Account for purchases at 
participating retail locations that accept the Card.
Promotional Credit Plans
From time to time, we may offer one or more promotional 
Credit Plans prior to, or at the time of, your purchase. Only 
certain purchases may be eligible for promotional Credit 
Plans. These Credit Plans may have special repayment 
terms and are conditioned on your timely payment of at 
least the required payment amount each Billing Cycle.
1. Waived Interest Charge — With this plan there are no 
Interest Charges on your purchase for a specified period.
2. Reduced Rate — With this plan, you will receive a 
reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) on your 
purchase for a specified period.
3. Same as Cash / Monthly Payment — With this plan, 
there are no Interest Charges on your purchase if you 
repay the full cash price of the purchase before the 
promotional expiration date shown on your Statement. 
If you do not repay in full by the promotional expiration 
date, Interest Charges will be imposed on the 
promotional purchase from the purchase date.
Authorized Users
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, they are 
an Authorized User. We may require certain information 
about them. We may limit their ability to use your Card. 
They may have access to certain information about your 
Account. You will be responsible for their use of the 
Account and anyone else they allow to use your Account, 
even if you did not want, or agree to, that use.
Removing an Authorized User
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. 
You will be responsible even if these amounts do not appear 
on your Account until later. Authorized Users may remove 
themselves from your Account upon request. We reserve the 
right to remove them from your Account for any reason. To 
remove them from your Account, we may close your existing 
Account and issue a new Card with a new Account number.
Your Promise to Pay
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
1
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes.
Statements
We will generally send, or make available to you, one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of each 
Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law may not 
require us to send, or make available to you, a Statement, 
or may prohibit us from doing so.
Disputed Transactions
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described in 
the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other 
Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify us of an 
error, we will assume that all information on the Statement 
is correct.
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also:
(1) give us any information about the disputed transaction, 
if we ask;
(2) not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the 
transaction amount from the merchant or any other 
person; and
(3) help us get reimbursement from others.
No Warranties
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement.
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without 
your permission, you must contact Customer Service 
immediately. You will not be responsible for transactions on 
your Account that we find are unauthorized.
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you will 
help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement from 
the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us documents in a 
form that we request.
Interest Charges and Fees
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
on any unpaid amount from the date of the transaction, 
date the transaction is processed or the first day of the 
Billing Cycle. However, we will not charge you interest 
on any new transactions posted to your Account if you 
pay your “New Balance” in full by the due date on your 
Statement each month. If you did not pay your “New 
Balance” in full when due for a Billing Cycle, interest will 
continue to accrue between the time that we calculate your 
“New Balance,” as reflected on your Statement, and when 
we receive your payment. This interest will post on your 
next Statement. That is why if you start accruing Interest 
Charges, you generally must pay your “New Balance” 
in full for two consecutive Billing Cycles before Interest 
Charges stop posting to your Statement. If you have a 
Waived Interest Charge or Reduced Rate or Same as 
Cash Credit Plan balance, we will exclude that promotional 
plan balance from the amount you must pay in full to avoid 
Interest Charges. However, you must still pay the full 
non-promotional purchase Credit Plan balance displayed 
on your Billing Statement each month, plus any minimum 
payment due appearing on your Statement.
For Same as Cash Credit Plans, we will not charge you 
interest on your promotional purchase if you repay the full 
amount of the purchase before the expiration date shown 
on your Statement. If you do not repay the promotional 
purchase in full by the expiration date, Interest Charges will 
be imposed on the promotional purchase from the date of 
the purchase.
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to your 
Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures provide 
for them. We may increase your Interest Charges and Fees 
as described in the Changes to Your Agreement section 
or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
Late Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive your 
payment as instructed on your Statement by the payment 
due date.
Minimum Payment
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount by 
the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you:
(1) the minimum payment due,
(2) your new balance,
(3) the payment due date, and
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us for 
us to consider it received as of that date.
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce your 
Account balance, but they will not change your minimum 
payment amount. 
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay all or 
part of the total balance on your Account. But, you must 
still pay at least the minimum payment amount each month, 
even if you paid more than the minimum payment due on 
the previous Statement. We will continue to charge Interest 
Charges during Billing Cycles when you carry a balance 
regardless of whether your Statement includes a minimum 
payment that is due. If your Account is 180 days past due, 
is part of a bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged 
off, the total balance is immediately due and payable.
Making Payments
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not make 
payments with funds from your Account or any other credit 
account with us or any other company in the Capital One 
organization. You must send mailed payments to us as 
instructed on your Statement, unless we tell you otherwise.
Other Payment Services
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services.
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects a 
payment made using our payment services.
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we may 
provide that person with limited Account information necessary 
to set up and process that payment. We may also refuse to 
accept that payment. If we do accept it, you will be responsible 
for that payment even if a financial institution rejects it.
Payment Processing
We may accept and process payments without losing any 
of our rights. We may delay the availability of credit until we 
2
confirm that your payment has cleared. This may happen 
even if we credit your payment to your Account. We may 
resubmit and collect returned payments electronically. If 
necessary, we may adjust your Account to correct errors, 
process returned and reversed payments, and handle 
similar issues.
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize 
us to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your 
deposit account. You also authorize us to process the 
payment as an Item. We may withdraw the funds from 
your deposit account as early as the same day we receive 
your payment. You will not receive your Item back from 
your bank. We will provide additional information about this 
process on your Statement.
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended.
How We Apply Your Payments
Your Account may have Credit Plans with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). If your Account has Credit 
Plan balances with different APRs, here is how we apply 
payments in a Billing Cycle:
(1) We generally apply credits and payments up to your 
minimum payment first to the balance with the lowest 
APR, and then to balances with higher APRs
.
(2) We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest APR, 
and then to balances with lower APRs.
If your 
Account has a Same as Cash Credit Plan balance, 
we will treat that balance as having a 0% APR for this 
purpose, until the last two Billing Cycles of the promotional 
period. During the last two full Billing Cycles of the 
promotional period, we will apply payments exceeding the 
minimum payment to the Same as Cash Credit Plan(s) that 
is expiring, in the order of expiration date.
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions,  
or Instructions
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, 
conditions, limitations, or special instructions to:
Capital One  
P.O. Box 1330
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications.
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process it 
without losing any of our rights.
Credit Balances
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance.
Account Default
You will be in default if:
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due;
(2)  any payment you make is rejected, not paid or cannot 
be processed;
(3) you exceed a credit limit;
(4)  you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding;
(5)  you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity;
(6)  we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us;
(7)  you do not comply with any term of this Agreement or 
any other agreement with us; or
(8)  you permanently reside outside the United States.
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice:
(1) charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on 
your Account
, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures;
(2) close or suspend your Account;
(3)
 lower your credit limit(s);
(4) demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account;
(5) continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or
(6) file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts.
Communications
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account.
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone 
number (including a mobile telephone number that you 
provide us), and use an automated telephone dialing 
system or similar device to do so. You agree that we may 
monitor or record any conversation or other communication 
with you.
Credit Reports
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, or 
other defaults on your Account may be reflected in your 
credit report. Information we provide may appear on your 
and the Authorized Users’ credit reports.
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate information 
about your Account to a credit bureau or other consumer 
reporting agency, notify us in writing at Attn: Credit Bureau 
Disputes, Capital One, P.O. Box 30285, Salt Lake City, 
UT 84130-0285. When you write, tell us the specific 
information that you believe is incorrect and why you 
believe it is incorrect.
We may obtain and use credit, income and other 
information about you from credit bureaus and others as 
the law allows.
Closing or Suspending Your Account
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close your 
Account.
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default.
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close or 
3
permanently suspend your Account, you must return or 
destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts you 
owe on the Account.
Changes to Your Agreement
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing so. 
We will give you notice of any changes as required by law. 
We may notify you of changes on your Statement or in a 
separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and how the 
changes will take effect. The notice will describe any rights 
you have in connection with the changes.
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as 
the index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase your 
APRs for any other reason, or if we change your Fees or 
other terms of your 
Account, we will notify you as required 
by law.
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part of 
this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts will 
remain in effect.
Waiver
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose not 
to take any action for any reason. We may waive our right 
without notifying you. For example, we may waive your 
Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and without 
losing our right to charge them in  
the future.
Assignment
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of your 
and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, assign 
or transfer your Account or this Agreement to someone else 
without our written permission.
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior notice 
to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our place under 
this Agreement. You must pay them and perform all of your 
obligations to them and not us. If you pay us after we notify 
you that we have transferred your Account or this Agreement, 
we can return the payment to you, forward the payment to the 
assignee, or handle it in another way that is reasonable.
Glossary
• “Account” means your Card Account with us.
• “Authorized User” means a person who may use  
the Card, but is not responsible for the repayment of  
the Account.
•  “Billing Cycle” means the period of time reflected 
on a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is 
approximately 30 days. You will have a Billing Cycle 
even if a Statement is not required. We will often specify 
a Billing Cycle by the month in which its closing date 
occurs. For example, a “March Billing Cycle” will have a 
closing date in March. We may also refer to a Billing Cycle 
as a “Billing Period”. If your Account balance has charged 
off, we may switch to quarterly Billing Cycles for your 
Account.
• “Card” means any Capital One credit card associated 
with your Account. This includes all renewals and 
substitutions. It also means any other access device for 
your Account we give you that allows you to obtain credit, 
including any Account number.
•  “Credit Plans” mean the different parts of your Account 
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, pricing, 
or other terms. The sum of your Credit Plan balances 
equals your total Account balance.
• “Fees”
 means charges imposed on your Account not 
based on the Annual Percentage Rates.
• “Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account
 
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates.
• “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other 
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account. This 
includes any image of these instruments.
• “Statement” means a document showing important 
Account information, including all transactions billed to 
your Account during a Billing Cycle and information about 
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement 
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”.
• “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that 
the federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z require for 
any Account. This includes your application and solicitation 
disclosures, Account opening disclosures, subsequent 
disclosures, Statements, and change in terms notices.
4
© 2021 Capital One
Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved. 
BR411789    M-131724 COF Customer Agreement 434
 

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for SaksFirst World Elite MasterCard.pdf-255654.pdf ===

Credit Card Agreement for SaksFirst World Elite Mastercard® in Capital One, N.A.
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you may differ depending 
on the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. The Customer Agreement contains 
important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. Please visit www.capitalone.com to view 
our onl
ine credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log in to your account if you would like to 
request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s). 
CAPITAL ONE PRICING INFORMATION 
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 
for Saks Purchases
28.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Non Saks Purchases 28.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Balance Transfers 28.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Cash Advances 31.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
Paying Interest Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge 
you interest on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by 
the due date each month. We will begin charging interest on Cash Advances and Balance 
Transfers on the transaction date.
For Credit Card Tips from  
the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,  
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at  
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Annual Fee None.
Transaction Fees
• Balance Transfer 3% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional 
APR that we may offer you.
None for balances transferred at the Balance Transfer APR.
• Cash Advance Either $3 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Penalty Fees
• Late Payment Up to $40. 
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See the 
“How Do You Calculate 
The Interest Charge?” section.
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD
How Do 
You Calculate My V
ariable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate variable 
rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, March, June and 
September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable rates will be updated 
quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your Billing Cycle which begins in January, April, July and October: Saks Purchase 
APR: Prime plus 20.74%; Non Saks Purchase APR: Prime plus 20.74%; Balance Transfer APR: Prime plus 20.74%; Cash Advance 
APR: Prime plus 23.74%. Any increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your Minimum Payment.
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Saks Purchase APR is 
0.07737%, Non Saks Purchase APR is 0.07737%, Balance T
ransfer APR is 0.07737%, and Cash Advance APR is 0.08559%. 
See the “How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section. 
How Do 
You Calculate The Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each Credit Plan, we 1) take the beginning balance and add in 
new transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits 
for that Credit Plan as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each Credit Plan. However, if you paid your previous 
month’s non-promotional purchases balance in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which 
post to your purchase or special purchase Credit Plans are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a 
grace period are not added to the daily balances.
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance we: 1) add the daily balances together for each Credit Plan, and 2) divide the sum by 
the number of days in the Billing Cycle.
At the end of each Billing Cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your A
verage Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for each Credit Plan other than Same As Cash Credit Plans, and 2) multiply the result 
by the number of days in the billing period. For Same 
As Cash Credit Plans, if interest is applied, the interest is accrued from 
the transaction date of the purchase through the current Billing Cycle. The Interest Charge for Same as Cash Credit Plans is 
the total of:
• 
 
 the applicable daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for the current Billing Cycle times the daily balance for each day in 
the current Billing Cycle; plus
•  the applicable daily periodic rate for each prior Billing Cycle times the daily balances of the Credit Plan for each day
 during 
each prior Billing Cycle.
We add the Interest Charges for all Credit Plans together. The result is your total Interest Charge for the Billing Cycle.
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, this calculation may vary from the Interest Charge actually assessed.
©2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Mastercard is a registered 
trademark, and the circles design is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www.capitalone.com.
Capital One® Customer Agreement
Welcome to Capital One
Thank you for opening a credit card account with us. 
This Customer Agreement, including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”), contains the terms of your agreement with 
Capital One.
Definitions
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in the 
Glossary section at the end of this Agreement.
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant and 
co-applicant for the Account; any person responsible 
for paying the Account; and any person responsible for 
complying with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and 
“Capital One” mean Capital One, National Association; and 
its agents, authorized representatives, successors, and 
assignees. “Saks Fifth Retailers” means Saks Fifth Avenue 
or Saks Fifth Avenue OFF FIFTH retail locations operating 
within the United States, online websites or telephone order 
centers. If your SaksFirst Mastercard is accepted in Saks 
Fifth Avenue retailers operating outside the United States, 
these will be considered non-Saks purchases.
Account Documents
The following documents govern your Account with us:
(1) 
 
 
  
 
 
 
this Agreement;
(2) all Statements;
(3) any privacy notices;
(4) your Card benefits brochure which describes benefits 
provided by the Payment Card Network for your Account;
(5)  all disclosures and materials provided to you before or 
when you opened your Account;
(6)  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and
(7)  any future changes we make to any of the above.
Please read these carefully and keep them for future 
reference.
New Offers
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that we 
think may interest you. The terms of these offers may differ 
from the standard terms on your Account. This Agreement 
will still apply.
Account Information
We need information about you to manage your Account. 
This includes:
(1) your legal name;
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address  
(if different);
(3) your date of birth;
(4)  your Social Security number or other government 
identification number;
(5) your telephone number(s); and
(6) your employment and income information.
You must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. We 
may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify your 
information, or if you do not provide it as requested.
Credit Limits
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limits. These will also appear on your Statement. We 
may also refer to your credit limits as your credit lines. 
We may give you different credit limits for different types 
of transactions or for the different Credit Plans of your 
Account. For example, you may have different credit limits 
for purchases at Saks Fifth Retailers, purchases at non-
Saks Fifth Retailers and Cash Advances.
You are responsible for keeping track of your Credit Plan 
balances and your available credit. You must manage your 
Account to remain below your credit limits. We may honor 
transactions above your credit limits, but if we do these 
transactions will not increase your credit limit. You are 
responsible for paying for any transaction you make above 
your credit limits.
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your 
credit limit on any Credit Plan at any time. This will not 
affect your obligation to pay us.
Using Your Account
(1)  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card or 
Account. It will continue to apply even after 
your Account is closed, as long as you have a balance.
(2)  You must sign the Card immediately when you receive it.
(3)  You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to.
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card, Access Checks  
and Account.
(5)  We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account is not in default.
(6)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we 
do not authorize a transaction.
(7)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason.
(8)  Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable Credit Plan of your 
Account. We will apply it against your available credit 
for that Credit Plan.
(9)  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any illegal 
activity. You are responsible for any charges if you do.
(10)  We are not liable for any losses that may result when 
our services are unavailable due to reasons beyond 
our control.
(11)  You may use your Account for purchases anywhere 
Mastercard is accepted, and you may obtain Cash 
Advances and Transfers as permitted for your Account. 
You may not use these to pay any amount you owe us 
or any other company in the Capital One organization.
Rewards
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to earn 
rewards. If it does, we will separately provide you with 
information and terms about the rewards.
Promotional Credit Plans
From time to time, we may offer one or more promotional 
Credit Plans prior to, or at the time of, your purchase. Only 
certain purchases may be eligible for promotional Credit 
Plans. These Credit Plans may have special repayment 
terms and are conditioned on your timely payment of at 
least the required payment amount each Billing Cycle.
1. 
 
 
 Waived Interest Charge — With this offer there are no 
Interest Charges on your purchases for a specified period.
2.  Reduced Rate — With this offer, you will receive 
a reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) on your 
purchase for a specified period.
3.  Same as Cash / Monthly Payment — With this plan, 
there are no Interest Charges on your purchase if you 
repay the full cash price of the purchase before the 
1
promotional expiration date shown on your Statement.  
If you do not repay in full by the promotional expiration 
date, Interest Charges will be imposed on the 
promotional purchase from the purchase date.
Using a PIN
We may give you a personal identification number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card.
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it 
to anyone, or keep it with your Card. If you lose your 
Card or believe the confidentiality of your PIN has been 
compromised for any reason, you must contact Customer 
Service immediately. 
Authorized Users
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, they are 
an Authorized User. We may require certain information 
about them. We may limit their ability to use your Card. 
They may have access to certain information about your 
Account. You will be responsible for their use of the 
Account and anyone else they allow to use your Account, 
even if you did not want, or agree to, that use.
Removing an Authorized User
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. 
You will be responsible even if these amounts do not 
appear on your Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number.
Your Promise to Pay
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes.
Statements
We will generally send, or make available to you, one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of each 
Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law may not 
require us to send, or make available to you, a Statement, 
or may prohibit us from doing so.
Disputed Transactions
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us about 
any errors or questions you have, as described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify us of an error, we 
will assume that all information on the Statement is correct.
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also:
(1)  give us any information about the disputed transaction, 
if we ask;
(2) 
 
 not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the transaction 
amount from the merchant or any other person; and
(3)  help us get reimbursement from others.
No Warranties
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement.
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without your 
permission, you must contact Customer Service immediately. 
You will not be responsible for transactions on your Account 
that we find are unauthorized.
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you will 
help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement from 
the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us documents in a 
form that we request.
Interest Charges and Fees
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
on any unpaid amount from the date of the transaction, date 
the transaction is processed or the first day of the Billing 
Cycle. However, we will not charge you interest on any new 
transactions posted to the purchase Credit Plan of your 
Account if you pay your “New Balance” in full by the due date 
on your Statement each month. If you did not pay your “New 
Balance” in full when due for a Billing Cycle, interest will 
continue to accrue between the time that we calculate your 
“New Balance,” as reflected on your Statement, and when 
we receive your payment. This interest will post on your 
next Statement. That is why if you start accruing Interest 
Charges, you generally must pay your “New Balance” in full 
for two consecutive Billing Cycles before Interest Charges 
stop posting to your Statement. Please note, however, that 
Interest Charges will begin accruing immediately for any 
Cash Advances and other transactions that do not post to 
the purchase Credit Plan. 
From time to time, we may offer Transfers or promotional 
purchase financing that do allow you to pay less than 
the statement “New Balance” and still avoid interest on 
any new transactions that post to the standard purchase 
balance. However, in these cases you must pay in full 
transactions that are posted to the standard purchase 
balance and any Cash Advance balance, plus at least the 
minimum payment amount for all other balances on the 
account by the due date each month. We may also display 
an interest saver payment amount on your statement, if 
applicable, for your convenience.
For Same as Cash Credit Plans, we will not charge you 
interest on your promotional purchase if you repay the full 
amount of the purchase before the expiration date shown 
on your Statement. If you do not repay the promotional 
purchase in full by the expiration date, Interest Charges will 
be imposed on the promotional purchase from the date of 
the purchase.
We will generally treat Fees as non-Saks purchase 
transactions unless otherwise specified below. These 
Fees apply to your Account only if your Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures provide for them. We may increase your Interest 
Charges and Fees as described in the Changes to Your 
Agreement section or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
2
Late Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive your 
payment as instructed on your Statement by the payment 
due date.
Minimum Payment
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount by 
the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you:
(1) 
 
 
 
the minimum payment due,
(2) your new balance,
(3) the payment due date, and
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us for 
us to consider it received as of that date.
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce your 
Account balance, but they will not change your minimum 
payment amount. 
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay all or 
part of the total balance on your Account. But, you must 
still pay at least the minimum payment amount each month, 
even if you paid more than the minimum payment due on 
the previous Statement. We will continue to charge Interest 
Charges during Billing Cycles when you carry a balance 
regardless of whether your Statement includes a minimum 
payment that is due. If your Account is 180 days past due, 
is part of a bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged 
off, the total balance is immediately due and payable.
Making Payments
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not make 
payments with funds from your Account or any other credit 
account with us or any other company in the Capital One 
organization. You must send mailed payments to us as 
instructed on your Statement, unless we tell you otherwise.
Other Payment Services
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services.
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects a 
payment made using our payment services.
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we 
may provide that person with limited Account information 
necessary to set up and process that payment. We may 
also refuse to accept that payment. If we do accept it, you 
will be responsible for that payment even if a financial 
institution rejects it.
Payment Processing
We may accept and process payments without losing any 
of our rights. We may delay the availability of credit until we 
confirm that your payment has cleared. This may happen 
even if we credit your payment to your Account. We may 
resubmit and collect returned payments electronically. If 
necessary, we may adjust your Account to correct errors, 
process returned and reversed payments, and handle 
similar issues.
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize 
us to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your 
deposit account. You also authorize us to process the 
payment as an Item. We may withdraw the funds from 
your deposit account as early as the same day we receive 
your payment. You will not receive your Item back from 
your bank. We will provide additional information about this 
process on your Statement.
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended.
How We Apply Your Payments
Your Account may have Credit Plans with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). For example, purchases may 
have a lower APR than Cash Advances. If your Account 
has Credit Plan balances with different APRs, here is how 
we apply payments in a Billing Cycle:
(1)  We generally apply credits and payments up to your 
minimum payment first to the balance with the lowest 
APR, and then to balances with higher APRs.
(2)  We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest APR, 
and then to balances with lower APRs.
If your Account has a Same as Cash Credit Plan balance, 
we will treat that balance as having a 0% APR for this 
purpose, until the last two Billing Cycles of the promotional 
period. During the last two full Billing Cycles of the 
promotional period, we will apply payments exceeding the 
minimum payment to the Same as Cash Credit Plan(s) that 
is expiring, in the order of expiration date.
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions,  
or Instructions
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, 
conditions, limitations, or special instructions to:
Capital One  
P.O. Box 1330 
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications.
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process it 
without losing any of our rights.
Credit Balances
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance.
Account Default
You will be in default if:
(1) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
you do not make any payment when it is due;
(2)  any payment you make is rejected, not paid or cannot 
be processed;
(3)  you exceed a credit limit;
(4)  you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding;
(5)  you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity;
(6)  we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us;
(7)  you do not comply with any term of this Agreement or 
any other agreement with us; or
(8)  you permanently reside outside the United States.
3
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice:
(1) 
 
 
 
 
 
 charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on 
your Account
, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures;
(2)  close or suspend your Account;
(3)  lower your credit limit(s);
(4)  demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account;
(5)  continue to charge you Interest Charges and 
Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or
(6)  file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts.
Communications
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account.
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone number 
(including a mobile telephone number that you provide us), 
and use an automated telephone dialing system or similar 
device to do so. You agree that we may monitor or record 
any conversation or other communication with you.
Credit Reports
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, or 
other defaults on your Account may be reflected in your 
credit report. Information we provide may appear on your 
and the Authorized Users’ credit reports.
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate information 
about your Account to a credit bureau or other consumer 
reporting agency, notify us in writing at Capital One, P.O. 
Box 31293, Salt Lake City, UT 84131-1293. When you 
write, tell us the specific information that you believe is 
incorrect and why you believe it is incorrect.
We may obtain and use credit, income and other information 
about you from credit bureaus and others as the law allows.
Closing or Suspending Your Account
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close  
your Account.
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default.
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close or 
permanently suspend your Account, you must return or 
destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts you 
owe on the Account.
Changes to Your Agreement
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing so. 
We will give you notice of any changes as required by law. 
We may notify you of changes on your Statement or in a 
separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and how the 
changes will take effect. The notice will describe any rights 
you have in connection with the changes.
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as the 
index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase your APRs 
for any other reason, or if we change your Fees or other 
terms of your Account, we will notify you as required by law.
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part of 
this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts will 
remain in effect.
Waiver
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose not 
to take any action for any reason. We may waive our right 
without notifying you. For example, we may waive your 
Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and without 
losing our right to charge them in the future.
Assignment
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of your 
and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, assign 
or transfer your Account or this Agreement to someone else 
without our written permission.
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior notice 
to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our place under 
this Agreement. You must pay them and perform all of your 
obligations to them and not us. If you pay us after we notify 
you that we have transferred your Account or this Agreement, 
we can return the payment to you, forward the payment to the 
assignee, or handle it in another way that is reasonable.
Access Checks
We may provide you with Access Checks. If we do, we will 
tell you at the time if we consider them purchases, Cash 
Advances or Special Transfers.
Only the person we designate may use Access Checks. 
You may not use them to pay any amount you owe us or 
any other company in the Capital One organization. We 
may reject and not pay any Access Check if:
(1)  
 
 
 
your Account is past due, charged off, bankrupt,  
lost/stolen or closed;
(2) we suspect fraud;
(3) your Account is over the credit limit; or
(4)  
the check has expired, is damaged or cannot otherwise 
be processed.
Our liability if we do not pay an Access Check will never be 
more than (1) 
your actual damages or (2) the amount of the 
Access Check, whichever is less.
Use of an Access Check is not the same as using your 
Card. When you use an 
Access Check, you will have fewer 
rights to dispute merchant transactions than with uses 
of your Card
. Please see the “Billing Rights Summary” 
on your Statement and your other Truth-in- Lending 
Disclosures for more information.
Stopping Payment of Access Checks
You may request a stop payment on any Access Check by 
contacting Customer Service.
We will have a reasonable amount of time after your 
stop payment request to research and complete the stop 
payment. We will not be responsible if we cannot complete 
the stop payment. Reasons include:
(1) 
 
 
the Access Check was already paid;
(2) you do not give us the information we asked for; or
(3) the information you gave us was incorrect.
We do not have to release the stop payment order unless 
the account holder who made the request asks us to.
If we re-credit your Account after a valid stop payment 
order, you give us all of your rights against the payee or 
other holder of the paid Access Check. You also agree to 
4
help us in any legal action we may later take against the 
payee or other holder of the check.
Cash Advance Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you take out a 
Cash Advance. We will treat this Fee as a Cash Advance 
transaction.
Transfer Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you make a Transfer. 
We will charge the Fee to the same Credit Plan where we 
post the Transfer.
Transactions Made in Foreign Currencies
If you make a transaction in a foreign currency, the 
Payment Card Network will convert it into a U.S. dollar 
amount. The Payment Card Network will use its own 
currency conversion procedures. The conversion rate 
in effect on the processing date may differ from the rate 
in effect on the transaction date that appears on your 
Statement. We do not adjust the currency exchange rate or 
charge any currency conversion Fees.
Glossary
• 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 “Access Check” means any check we send to you to 
access credit from your Account. We may also refer to  
an Access Check as a “convenience check” or a 
“purchase check”.
• “Account” means your Card Account with us.
•  “Authorized User” means a person who may use the Card, 
but is not responsible for the repayment of the Account.
•  “Balance Transfer” means an amount posted to the 
Balance Transfer Credit Plan of your Account unless 
otherwise described in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
•  “Billing Cycle” means the period of time reflected 
on a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is 
approximately 30 days. You will have a Billing Cycle even if 
a Statement is not required. We will often specify a Billing 
Cycle by the month in which its closing date occurs. For 
example, a “March Billing Cycle” will have a closing date 
in March. We may also refer to a Billing Cycle as a “Billing 
Period”. If your Account balance has charged off, we may 
switch to quarterly Billing Cycles for your Account.
•  “Card” means any Capital One credit card associated 
with your Account. This includes all renewals and 
substitutions. It also means any other access device for 
your Account we give you that allows you to obtain credit, 
including any Account number.
•  “Cash Advance” means a loan in cash or things we 
consider cash equivalents, including wire transfers, 
travelers’ checks, money orders, foreign currency, 
lottery tickets, gaming chips, and wagers. We post Cash 
Advances to the Cash Advance Credit Plan of your 
Account and not to your purchase Credit Plan.
•  “Credit Plans” mean the different parts of your Account 
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, pricing, 
or other terms. These may be individual purchases, or 
they may be combined balance types such as Balance 
Transfers and Cash Advances which are under same 
terms. The sum of your Credit Plan balances equals your 
total Account balance.
•  “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not 
based on the Annual Percentage Rates.
•  “Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account 
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates.
•  “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other 
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account. This 
includes any image of these instruments. This does not 
include an Access Check.
•  “Payment Card Network” means the network 
provider displayed on your Card. This may be Visa Inc., 
Mastercard International Incorporated, or any other 
network provider.
•  “Special Transfer” means a Transfer posted to a Credit 
Plan of your Account that is not a purchase or Cash 
Advance Credit Plan.
•  “Statement” means a document showing important 
Account information, including all transactions billed to 
your Account during a Billing Cycle and information about 
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement 
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”.
•  “Transfers” means amounts transferred from other 
accounts to this Account and includes Balance Transfers 
and Special Transfers.
•  “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that 
the federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z require for 
any Account. This includes your application and solicitation 
disclosures, Account opening disclosures, subsequent 
disclosures, Statements, and change in terms notices.
© 2021 Capital One
Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved.
5BR411790      M-131726 COF Customer Agreement 435

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for Teamster Privilege Cards.pdf-255655.pdf ===

Credit Card Agreement for Teamster Privilege Cards in Capital One, N.A.
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you may differ depending 
on the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. The Customer Agreement contains 
important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. If you are a current Capital One 
cardholder, please log in to your account if you would like to request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s).
Family Member cardmembers may not be eligible for certain benefits. If you are no longer a current Teamster in good 
standing, a retired Teamster, or a family member of a current Teamster in good standing, you are not eligible for this pricing 
and your Account may be repriced and you may not be eligible for certain benefits.
CAPITAL ONE PRICING INFORMATION 
Annual Percentage Rate 
(APR) for Purchases
Introductory rate of 0%, ranging from 12 months to 15 months.
Non-introductory rates between 15.15% - 27.49%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Transfers Introductory rate of 0%, ranging from 12 months to 15 months.
Non-introductory rates between 15.15% - 27.49%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Cash Advances 28.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
Paying Interest Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge interest 
on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due date each 
month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and transfers on the transaction date.
For Credit Card Tips from 
the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,  
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at  
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Annual Fee None.
Transaction Fees
• Transfer 1% - 3% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional 
APR that we may offer you.
None for balances transferred at the Transfer APR.
• Cash Advance Either $3 or 3% of the amount of each Cash Advance, whichever is greater.
Penalty Fees
• Late Payment Up to $38.
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions)”. See the 
“How Do You Calculate the Interest Charge?” section.
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in “Your Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD
How Do You Calculate My Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates on the following segment(s) will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your January, April, July and 
October Billing periods: Non-Introductory Purchase APR: Prime plus a margin between 7.65% and 19.99%; Non-Introductory 
Transfer APR: Prime plus a margin between 7.65% and 19.99%; and Cash APR: Prime plus 20.74%. Any increase in the 
Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your minimum payment due.
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Introductory Purchase APR 
is 0.00000%, Non-Introductory Purchase APR is between 0.04151% and 0.07532%, Introductory Transfer APR is 0.00000%,  
Non-Introductory Transfer APR is between 0.04151% and 0.07532%; and Cash APR is 0.07737%.
How Do You Calculate the Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each segment, 1) take the beginning balance and add in new 
transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits for that 
segment as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each segment. However, if you paid your previous month’s balance 
in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which post to your purchase or special purchase 
segments are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a grace period are not added to the daily balances.
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance: 1) add the daily balances together for each segment, and 2) divide the sum by the 
number of days in the billing cycle.
At the end of each billing cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the daily 
periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for that segment, and 2) multiply the result by the number of days in the billing period.
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, this calculation may vary from the interest charge actually assessed.
©2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www.capitalone.com.
1
Capital One® Customer Agreement
Welcome to Capital One
Thank you for opening a credit card account with us. 
This Customer Agreement including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”) contains the terms of your agreement 
with Capital One.
Definitions
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in 
the Glossary section at the end of this Agreement.
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant 
and co-applicant for the 
Account; any person 
responsible for paying the Account; and any person 
responsible for complying with this Agreement. 
“We,” “us,” “our,” and “Capital One” mean Capital 
One, National Association; and its agents, authorized 
representatives, successors, and assignees.
Account Documents
The following documents govern your Account with us:
(1) this Agreement; 
(2) all Statements; 
(3)  any rewards program terms, conditions, and disclosures;
(4) any privacy notices; 
(5)  your Card benefits brochure which describes 
benefits provided by the 
Payment Card Network for 
your Account; 
(6)  all disclosures and materials provided to you before 
or when you opened your 
Account;
(7)  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account
, including those provided online; and
(8)  any future changes we make to any of the above. 
Please read these carefully and keep them for 
future reference.
 
New Offers
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that 
we think may interest you. The terms of these offers may 
differ from the standard terms on your Account. This 
Agreement will still apply.
Account Information
We need information about you to manage your 
Account. This includes:
(1) your legal name;
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address 
(if different); 
(3) your date of birth;
(4)  your Social Security number or other government 
identification number;
(5) your telephone number(s); and
(6) your employment and income information. 
You must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. 
We may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify 
your information, or if you do not provide it as requested.
Credit Limits
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limits. These will also appear on your Statement. We 
may also refer to your credit limits as your credit lines. 
We may give you different credit limits for the different 
Segments of your Account. For example, you may have 
one credit limit for purchases and a different one for 
Cash Advances. 
You are responsible for keeping track of your Segment 
balances and your available credit. Y
ou must manage 
your Account to remain below your credit limits. We may 
honor transactions above your credit limits, but if we do 
these transactions will not increase your credit limit. You 
are responsible for paying for any transaction you make 
above your credit limits.
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your 
credit limit on any 
Segment at any time. This will not 
affect your obligation to pay us. 
Using Your Account
(1)  This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card
 or Account. It will continue to apply even after 
your Account is closed, as long as you have a balance.
(2)  You must sign the Card immediately when you 
receive it.
(3)  You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to.
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your 
Card, Access Checks and 
Account.
(5)  We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account
 is not in default.
(6)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we 
do not authorize a transaction.
(7)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your 
Card for any reason.
(8)  Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable 
Segment of your 
Account. We will apply it against your available credit 
for that Segment.
(9)  You may obtain Cash Advances and Transfers as 
permitted for your 
Account. You may not use these to 
pay any amount you owe us or any other company in 
the Capital One organization.
(10)  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any 
illegal activity
. You are responsible for any charges if 
you do.
(11)  We are not liable for any losses that may result 
when our services are unavailable due to reasons 
beyond our control.
2
Rewards
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to 
earn rewards. If it does, we will separately provide you 
with information and terms about the rewards.
Access Checks
We may provide you with Access Checks. If we do, we 
will tell you at the time if we consider them purchases, 
Cash Advances or Special Transfers. 
Only the person we designate may use Access Checks. 
You may not use them to pay any amount you owe us or 
any other company in the Capital One organization. We 
may reject and not pay any Access Check if:
(1)  your Account is past due, charged off, bankrupt, lost/
stolen or closed; 
(2) we suspect fraud;
(3) your Account is over the credit limit; or
(4)  the check has expired, is damaged or cannot 
otherwise be processed.
Our liability if we do not pay an Access Check will never 
be more than 
(1) your actual damages or (2) the amount 
of the Access Check, whichever is less.
Use of an Access Check is not the same as using your 
Card. When you use an Access Check, you will have 
fewer rights to dispute merchant transactions than 
with uses of your Card. Please see the “Billing Rights 
Summary” on your Statement and your other Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures for more information.
Stopping Payment of Access Checks
You may request a stop payment on any Access Check 
by contacting Customer Service.
We will have a reasonable amount of time after your 
stop payment request to research and complete the 
stop payment. We will not be responsible if we cannot 
complete the stop payment. Reasons include:
(1) the Access Check was already paid;
(2)  you do not give us the information we asked for; or
(3) the information you gave us was incorrect.
We do not have to release the stop payment order unless 
the account holder who made the request asks us to. 
If we re-credit your Account after a valid stop payment 
order, you give us all of your rights against the payee or 
other holder of the paid Access Check. You also agree to 
help us in any legal action we may later take against the 
payee or other holder of the check.
Using a PIN
We may give you a personal identification number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card.
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it 
to anyone, or keep it with your Card. If you lose your 
Card or believe the confidentiality of your PIN has 
been compromised for any reason, you must contact 
Customer Service immediately.
Authorized Users
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, 
they are an Authorized User. We may require certain 
information about them. We may limit their ability to use 
your Card. They may have access to certain information 
about your Account. You will be responsible for their use 
of the Account and anyone else they allow to use your 
Account, even if you did not want, or agree to, that use. 
Removing an Authorized User
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. You 
will be responsible even if these amounts do not appear on 
your Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number.
Your Promise to Pay
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes. 
Statements
We will generally send or make available to you one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of 
each Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law 
may not require us to send or make available to you a 
Statement, or may prohibit us from doing so.
Disputed Transactions
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and 
other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify 
us of an error, we will assume that all information on the 
Statement is correct. 
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also:
(1)  give us any information about the disputed 
transaction, if we ask;
(2)  not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the 
transaction amount from the merchant or any other 
person; and
3
(3) help us get reimbursement from others.
No Warranties
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement.
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without your 
permission, you must contact Customer Service immediately. 
You will not be responsible for transactions on your Account 
that we find are unauthorized.
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you 
will help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement 
from the wrongdoer
. Your help includes giving us 
documents in a form that we request. 
Interest Charges and Fees
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
from the day a transaction occurs. However, we will not 
charge you interest on any new transactions posted to the 
purchase Segment of your Account if you paid the total 
balance across all Segments of your Account in full by 
the due date on your Statement each month. From time 
to time, we may give you offers that allow you to pay less 
than the total balance and avoid Interest Charges on new 
purchase Segment transactions. If we do, we will provide 
details in the specific offer.
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below
. These Fees apply to 
your Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures 
provide for them. We may increase your Interest Charges 
and Fees as described in the Changes to Your Agreement 
section or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
Membership Fee
If your Account has a membership Fee, we may charge 
the first membership Fee either on the day you activate 
your Card or on the day when you use your Account, 
whichever occurs first. If your Account terms include a 
$0 introductory Fee, we may charge the first Fee when 
the introductory period ends. If it is an annual Fee, we 
may then charge it approximately once per year. If it is a 
monthly Fee, we may charge it each Billing Cycle.
Late Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive 
your payment as instructed on your Statement by the 
payment due date.
Returned Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time your financial 
institution for any reason rejects a payment you make to us.
Stop Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you ask us to 
(1) stop payment on an Access Check or (2) renew an 
existing stop payment order
.
Cash Advance Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you take out a 
Cash Advance. We will treat this Fee as a Cash Advance 
transaction. 
Transfer Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you make a 
Transfer. We will charge the Fee to the same Segment 
where we post the Transfer. 
Transactions Made in Foreign Currencies
If you make a transaction in a foreign currency, the 
Payment Card Network will convert it into a U.S. dollar 
amount. The Payment Card Network will use its own 
currency conversion procedures. The conversion rate 
in effect on the processing date may differ from the rate 
in effect on the transaction date that appears on your 
Statement. We do not adjust the currency exchange rate 
or charge any currency conversion Fees.
Minimum Payment
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount 
by the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you: 
(1) the minimum payment due,
(2) your new balance,
(3) the payment due date, and
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us 
for us to consider it received as of that date.
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce 
your 
Account balance, but they will not change your 
minimum payment amount.
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay 
all or part of the total balance on your 
Account. But, 
you must still pay at least the minimum payment 
amount each month, even if you paid more than the 
minimum payment due on the previous Statement. We 
will continue to charge Interest Charges during Billing 
Cycles when you carry a balance regardless of whether 
your Statement includes a minimum payment that is 
due. If your Account is 180 days past due, is part of a 
bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged off, the 
total balance is immediately due and payable.
Making Payments
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not 
make payments with funds from your Account or any 
other credit account with us or any other company in 
the Capital One organization. You must send mailed 
payments to us as instructed on your Statement, unless 
we tell you otherwise. 
4
Other Payment Services
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services. 
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects 
a payment made using our payment services.
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, 
we may provide that person with limited Account 
information necessary to set up and process that 
payment. We may also refuse to accept that payment. If 
we do accept it, you will be responsible for that payment 
even if a financial institution rejects it. 
Payment Processing
We may accept and process payments without losing 
any of our rights. We may delay the availability of 
credit until we confirm that your payment has cleared. 
This may happen even if we credit your payment to 
your Account. We may resubmit and collect returned 
payments electronically. If necessary, we may adjust 
your Account to correct errors, process returned and 
reversed payments, and handle similar issues.
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize 
us to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from 
your deposit account. You also authorize us to process 
the payment as an Item. We may withdraw the funds 
from your deposit account as early as the same day 
we receive your payment. You will not receive your 
Item back from your bank. We will provide additional 
information about this process on your Statement. 
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended. 
How We Apply Your Payments
Your Account may have Segments with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). For example, purchases may 
have a lower APR than Cash Advances. If your Account 
has Segment balances with different APRs, here is how 
we apply payments in a Billing Cycle: 
(1)  We generally apply credits and payments up to 
your minimum payment first to the balance with the 
lowest APR, and then to balances with higher APRs.
 
(2)  We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest 
APR, and then to balances with lower APRs.
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions, 
or Instructions
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, 
conditions, limitations, or special instructions to:
Capital One 
PO Box 1330 
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications.
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process 
it without losing any of our rights.
Credit Balances
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance.
Account Default
You will be in default if:
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due;
(2)  any payment you make is rejected, not paid or 
cannot be processed;
(3) you exceed a credit limit;
(4)  you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding;
(5)  you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity; 
(6)  we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us; 
(7)  you do not comply with any term of this Agreement 
or any other agreement with us; or
(8)  you permanently reside outside the United States.
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice: 
(1)  charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on 
your Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures;
(2) close or suspend your Account;
(3) lower your credit limit(s);
(4)  demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account;
(5)  continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or
(6)  file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts.
Communications
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
5
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account.
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone 
number (including a mobile telephone number that 
you provide us), and use an automated telephone 
dialing system or similar device to do so. Y
ou agree that 
we may monitor or record any conversation or other 
communication with you. 
Credit Reports
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, 
or other defaults on your Account may be reflected in 
your credit report. Information we provide may appear 
on your and the Authorized Users’ credit reports.
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate 
information about your 
Account to a credit bureau or 
other consumer reporting agency, notify us in writing at 
PO Box 30281, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0281. When 
you write, tell us the specific information that you believe 
is incorrect and why you believe it is incorrect. 
We may obtain and use credit, income and other information 
about you from credit bureaus and others as the law allows.
 
Closing or Suspending Your Account
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close 
your Account.
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law
, even if you are not in default. 
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your 
Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close 
or permanently suspend your Account, you must return 
or destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts 
you owe on the Account.
Changes to Your Agreement
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing 
so. We will give you notice of any changes as required 
by law. We may notify you of changes on your Statement 
or in a separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and 
how the changes will take effect. The notice will describe 
any rights you have in connection with the changes. 
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as 
the index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase 
your APRs for any other reason, or if we change your 
Fees
 or other terms of your Account, we will notify you 
as required by law.
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part 
of this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts 
will remain in effect.
Waiver
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose 
not to take any action for any reason. We may waive our 
right without notifying you. For example, we may waive 
your Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and 
without losing our right to charge them in the future. 
Assignment
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of 
your and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, 
assign or transfer your Account or this Agreement to 
someone else without our written permission. 
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior 
notice to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our 
place under this Agreement. Y
ou must pay them and 
perform all of your obligations to them and not us. If you 
pay us after we notify you that we have transferred your 
Account or this Agreement, we can return the payment 
to you, forward the payment to the assignee, or handle it 
in another way that is reasonable. 
Glossary
• “Access Check” means any check we send to you to 
access credit from your 
Account. We may also refer 
to an Access Check as a “convenience check” or a 
“purchase check”.
•  “Account” means your Card Account with us.
• “Authorized User” means a person who may use the 
Card,
 but is not responsible for the repayment of the 
Account. 
• “Balance Transfer” means a Transfer posted to the 
purchase 
Segment of your Account unless otherwise 
described in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
• “Billing Cycle” means the period of time reflected on 
a 
Statement. This period may vary in length, but is 
approximately 30 days. You will have a Billing Cycle 
even if a Statement is not required. We will often 
specify a Billing Cycle by the month in which its closing 
date occurs. For example, a “March Billing Cycle” will 
have a closing date in March. We may also refer to 
a Billing Cycle as a “Billing Period”. If your Account 
balance has charged off, we may switch to quarterly 
Billing Cycles for your Account.
• “Card” means any Capital One credit card associated 
with your 
Account. This includes all renewals and 
substitutions. It also means any other access device 
for your Account we give you that allows you to obtain 
credit, including any Account number.
• “Cash Advance” means a loan in cash or things we 
consider cash equivalents, including wire transfers, 
travelers’ checks, money orders, foreign currency
, 
lottery tickets, gaming chips, and wagers. We post 
Cash Advances to the Cash Advance Segment of your 
Account and not to your purchase Segment.
• “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not 
based on the Annual Percentage Rates.
•  “Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account 
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates.
• “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other 
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account. 
This includes any image of these instruments. This 
does not include an Access Check.
• “Payment Card Network” means the network provider 
displayed on your Card. This may be Visa Inc., 
MasterCard International Incorporated, or any other 
network provider. 
• “Segments” means the different parts of your Account 
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, 
pricing, or other terms. We create these parts of your 
Account for such things as your purchases, Balance 
Transfers, Cash Advances and Special Transfers. 
The sum of your Segment balances equals your total 
Account balance.
• “Special Transfer” means a Transfer posted to a 
Segment of your Account that is not your purchase 
Segment or Cash Advance Segment.
•    “Statement” means a document showing important 
Account information, including all transactions billed to 
your Account during a Billing Cycle and information about 
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement 
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”. 
• “Transfers” means amounts transferred from other 
accounts to this Account and includes Balance 
Transfers and Special Transfers.
•   “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that 
the federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z 
require for any Account. This includes your application 
and solicitation disclosures, Account opening 
disclosures, subsequent disclosures, Statements, and 
change in terms notices.
6
© 2014 Capital One
Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved.
BR281644    M-112861 COF Customer Agreement 305

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for Union Plus Cards.pdf-255656.pdf ===

Credit Card Agreement for Union Plus Cards in Capital One, N.A.
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you may differ depending 
on the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. The Customer Agreement contains 
important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. If you are a current Capital One 
cardholder, please log in to your account if you would like to request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s). 
Family Member and Working America cardmembers may not be eligible for certain benefits. If you are no longer a current 
union member in good standing of a participating union, a retired union member, a family member of a current union member 
in good standing of a participating union, or a member of Working America, you are not eligible for this pricing and your 
Account may be repriced and you may not be eligible for certain benefits.
CAPITAL ONE PRICING INFORMATION 
Annual Percentage Rate 
(APR) for Purchases
Introductory rate of 0%, ranging from 12 months to 15 months.
Non-introductory rates between 15.15% - 27.49%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Transfers Introductory rate of 0%, ranging from 12 months to 15 months.
Non-introductory rates between 15.15% - 27.49%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Cash Advances 28.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
Paying Interest Y our due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge interest 
on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due date each 
month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and transfers on the transaction date.
For Credit Card Tips from 
the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,  
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at  
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Annual Fee None.
Transaction Fees
• Transfer 1% - 3% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional 
APR that we may offer you.
None for balances transferred at the Transfer APR.
• Cash Advance Either $3
 or 3%
 of the amount of each Cash Advance, whichever is greater.
Penalty Fees
• Late Payment Up to $38
.
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions)”. See the 
“How Do You Calculate the Interest Charge?” section.
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in “Your Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW 
ABOUT THIS CARD
How Do You Calculate My Variable Rates? 
Your variable rates may change when the Prime rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day
, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates on the following segment(s) will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your January, April, July and 
October Billing periods: Non-Introductory Purchase APR: Prime plus a margin between 7.65% and 19.99%; Non-Introductory 
Transfer APR: Prime plus a margin between 7.65% and 19.99%; and Cash APR: Prime plus 20.74%. Any increase in the 
Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your minimum payment due.
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Introductory Purchase APR 
is 0.00000%, Non-Introductory Purchase APR is between 0.04151% and 0.07532%, Introductory Transfer APR is 0.00000%,  
Non-Introductory Transfer APR is between 0.04151% and 0.07532%; and Cash APR is 0.07737%.
How Do You Calculate the Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each segment, 1) take the beginning balance and add in new 
transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits for that
 
segment as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each segment. However, if you paid your previous month’s balance 
in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which post to your purchase or special purchase 
segments are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a grace period are not added to the daily balances.
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance: 1) add the daily balances together for each segment, and 2) divide the sum by the 
number of days in the billing cycle.
At the end of each billing cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the daily 
periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for that segment, and 2) multiply the result by the number of days in the billing period.
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, this calculation may vary from the interest charge actually assessed.
© 2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services of
fered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www.capitalone.com
.
1
Capital One® Customer Agreement
Welcome to Capital One
Thank you for opening a credit card account with us. 
This Customer Agreement including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”) contains the terms of your agreement 
with Capital One.
Definitions
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in 
the Glossary section at the end of this Agreement.
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant 
and co-applicant for the 
Account; any person 
responsible for paying the Account; and any person 
responsible for complying with this Agreement. 
“We,” “us,” “our,” and “Capital One” mean Capital 
One, National Association; and its agents, authorized 
representatives, successors, and assignees.
Account Documents
The following documents govern your Account with us:
(1) this Agreement; 
(2) all Statements; 
(3)  any rewards program terms, conditions, and disclosures;
(4) any privacy notices; 
(5)  your Card benefits brochure which describes 
benefits provided by the 
Payment Card Network for 
your Account; 
(6)  all disclosures and materials provided to you before 
or when you opened your 
Account;
(7)  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account
, including those provided online; and
(8)  any future changes we make to any of the above. 
Please read these carefully and keep them for  
future reference.
New Offers
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that 
we think may interest you. The terms of these offers may 
differ from the standard terms on your Account. This 
Agreement will still apply.
Account Information
We need information about you to manage your 
Account. This includes:
(1) your legal name;
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address 
(if different); 
(3) your date of birth;
(4)  your Social Security number or other government 
identification number;
(5) your telephone number(s); and
(6) your employment and income information. 
You must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. 
We may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify 
your information, or if you do not provide it as requested.
Credit Limits
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limits. These will also appear on your Statement. We 
may also refer to your credit limits as your credit lines. 
We may give you different credit limits for the different 
Segments of your Account. For example, you may have 
one credit limit for purchases and a different one for 
Cash Advances. 
You are responsible for keeping track of your Segment 
balances and your available credit. Y
ou must manage 
your Account to remain below your credit limits. We may 
honor transactions above your credit limits, but if we do 
these transactions will not increase your credit limit. You 
are responsible for paying for any transaction you make 
above your credit limits.
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your 
credit limit on any 
Segment at any time. This will not 
affect your obligation to pay us. 
Using Your Account
(1)  This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card
 or Account. It will continue to apply even after 
your Account is closed, as long as you have a balance.
(2)  You must sign the Card immediately when you 
receive it.
(3)  You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to.
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your 
Card, Access Checks and 
Account.
(5)  We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account
 is not in default.
(6)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we 
do not authorize a transaction.
(7)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your 
Card for any reason.
(8)  Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable 
Segment of your 
Account. We will apply it against your available credit 
for that Segment.
(9)  You may obtain Cash Advances and Transfers as 
permitted for your 
Account. You may not use these to 
pay any amount you owe us or any other company in 
the Capital One organization.
(10)  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any 
illegal activity
. You are responsible for any charges if 
you do.
(11)  We are not liable for any losses that may result 
when our services are unavailable due to reasons 
beyond our control.
2
Rewards
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to 
earn rewards. If it does, we will separately provide you 
with information and terms about the rewards.
Access Checks
We may provide you with Access Checks. If we do, we 
will tell you at the time if we consider them purchases, 
Cash Advances or Special Transfers. 
Only the person we designate may use Access Checks. 
Y
ou may not use them to pay any amount you owe us or 
any other company in the Capital One organization. We 
may reject and not pay any Access Check if:
(1)  your Account is past due, charged off, bankrupt, lost/
stolen or closed; 
(2) we suspect fraud;
(3) your Account is over the credit limit; or
(4)  the check has expired, is damaged or cannot 
otherwise be processed.
Our liability if we do not pay an Access Check will never 
be more than (1) your actual damages or (2) the amount 
of the 
Access Check, whichever is less.
Use of an Access Check is not the same as using your 
Card
. When you use an Access Check, you will have 
fewer rights to dispute merchant transactions than 
with uses of your Card. Please see the “Billing Rights 
Summary” on your Statement and your other Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures for more information.
Stopping Payment of Access Checks
You may request a stop payment on any Access Check 
by contacting Customer Service.
We will have a reasonable amount of time after your 
stop payment request to research and complete the 
stop payment. W
e will not be responsible if we cannot 
complete the stop payment. Reasons include:
(1) the Access Check was already paid;
(2)  you do not give us the information we asked for; or
(3) the information you gave us was incorrect.
We do not have to release the stop payment order unless 
the account holder who made the request asks us to. 
If we re-credit your 
Account after a valid stop payment 
order, you give us all of your rights against the payee or 
other holder of the paid Access Check. You also agree to 
help us in any legal action we may later take against the 
payee or other holder of the check.
Using a PIN
We may give you a personal identification number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card.
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it 
to anyone, or keep it with your 
Card. If you lose your 
Card or believe the confidentiality of your PIN has 
been compromised for any reason, you must contact 
Customer Service immediately.
Authorized Users
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, 
they are an Authorized User. We may require certain 
information about them. We may limit their ability to use 
your Card. They may have access to certain information 
about your Account. You will be responsible for their use 
of the Account and anyone else they allow to use your 
Account, even if you did not want, or agree to, that use. 
Removing an Authorized User
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. You 
will be responsible even if these amounts do not appear on 
your Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account
 upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number.
Your Promise to Pay
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes. 
Statements
We will generally send or make available to you one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of 
each Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law 
may not require us to send or make available to you a 
Statement, or may prohibit us from doing so.
Disputed Transactions
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and 
other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify 
us of an error, we will assume that all information on the 
Statement is correct. 
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. Y
ou will also:
(1)  give us any information about the disputed 
transaction, if we ask;
(2)  not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the 
transaction amount from the merchant or any other 
person; and
3
(3) help us get reimbursement from others.
No Warranties
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement.
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without your 
permission, you must contact Customer Service immediately. 
You will not be responsible for transactions on your Account 
that we find are unauthorized.
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you 
will help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement 
from the wrongdoer
. Your help includes giving us 
documents in a form that we request. 
Interest Charges and Fees
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
from the day a transaction occurs. However, we will not 
charge you interest on any new transactions posted to the 
purchase Segment of your Account if you paid the total 
balance across all Segments of your Account in full by 
the due date on your Statement each month. From time 
to time, we may give you offers that allow you to pay less 
than the total balance and avoid Interest Charges on new 
purchase Segment transactions. If we do, we will provide 
details in the specific offer.
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below
. These Fees apply to 
your Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures 
provide for them. We may increase your Interest Charges 
and Fees as described in the Changes to Your Agreement 
section or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
Membership Fee
If your Account has a membership Fee, we may charge 
the first membership Fee either on the day you activate 
your Card or on the day when you use your Account, 
whichever occurs first. If your Account terms include a 
$0 introductory Fee, we may charge the first Fee when 
the introductory period ends. If it is an annual Fee, we 
may then charge it approximately once per year. If it is a 
monthly Fee, we may charge it each Billing Cycle.
Late Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive 
your payment as instructed on your Statement by the 
payment due date.
Returned Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time your financial 
institution for any reason rejects a payment you make to us.
Stop Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you ask us to 
(1) stop payment on an Access Check or (2) renew an 
existing stop payment order
.
Cash Advance Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you take out a 
Cash Advance. We will treat this Fee as a Cash Advance 
transaction. 
Transfer Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you make a 
Transfer. We will charge the Fee to the same Segment 
where we post the Transfer. 
Transactions Made in Foreign Currencies
If you make a transaction in a foreign currency, the 
Payment Card Network will convert it into a U.S. dollar 
amount. The Payment Card Network will use its own 
currency conversion procedures. The conversion rate 
in effect on the processing date may differ from the rate 
in effect on the transaction date that appears on your 
Statement. We do not adjust the currency exchange rate 
or charge any currency conversion Fees.
Minimum Payment
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount 
by the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you: 
(1) the minimum payment due,
(2) your new balance,
(3) the payment due date, and
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us 
for us to consider it received as of that date.
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce 
your 
Account balance, but they will not change your 
minimum payment amount.
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay 
all or part of the total balance on your 
Account. But, 
you must still pay at least the minimum payment 
amount each month, even if you paid more than the 
minimum payment due on the previous Statement. We 
will continue to charge Interest Charges during Billing 
Cycles when you carry a balance regardless of whether 
your Statement includes a minimum payment that is 
due. If your Account is 180 days past due, is part of a 
bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged off, the 
total balance is immediately due and payable.
Making Payments
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not 
make payments with funds from your Account or any 
other credit account with us or any other company in 
the Capital One organization. You must send mailed 
payments to us as instructed on your Statement, unless 
we tell you otherwise. 
4
Other Payment Services
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services. 
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects 
a payment made using our payment services.
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, 
we may provide that person with limited Account 
information necessary to set up and process that 
payment. We may also refuse to accept that payment. If 
we do accept it, you will be responsible for that payment 
even if a financial institution rejects it. 
Payment Processing
We may accept and process payments without losing 
any of our rights. We may delay the availability of 
credit until we confirm that your payment has cleared. 
This may happen even if we credit your payment to 
your Account. We may resubmit and collect returned 
payments electronically. If necessary, we may adjust 
your Account to correct errors, process returned and 
reversed payments, and handle similar issues.
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize 
us to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from 
your deposit account. You also authorize us to process 
the payment as an Item. We may withdraw the funds 
from your deposit account as early as the same day 
we receive your payment. You will not receive your 
Item back from your bank. We will provide additional 
information about this process on your Statement. 
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended. 
How We Apply Your Payments
Your Account may have Segments with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). For example, purchases may 
have a lower APR than Cash Advances. If your Account 
has Segment balances with different APRs, here is how 
we apply payments in a Billing Cycle: 
(1)  We generally apply credits and payments up to 
your minimum payment first to the balance with the 
lowest APR, and then to balances with higher APRs.
 
(2)  We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest 
APR, and then to balances with lower APRs.
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions, 
or Instructions
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, 
conditions, limitations, or special instructions to:
Capital One 
PO Box 1330 
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications.
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process 
it without losing any of our rights.
Credit Balances
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance.
Account Default
You will be in default if:
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due;
(2)  any payment you make is rejected, not paid or 
cannot be processed;
(3) you exceed a credit limit;
(4)  you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding;
(5)  you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity; 
(6)  we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us; 
(7)  you do not comply with any term of this Agreement 
or any other agreement with us; or
(8)  you permanently reside outside the United States.
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice: 
(1)  charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on 
your Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures;
(2) close or suspend your Account;
(3) lower your credit limit(s);
(4)  demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account;
(5)  continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or
(6)  file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts.
Communications
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
5
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account.
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone 
number (including a mobile telephone number that 
you provide us), and use an automated telephone 
dialing system or similar device to do so. Y
ou agree that 
we may monitor or record any conversation or other 
communication with you. 
Credit Reports
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, 
or other defaults on your Account may be reflected in 
your credit report. Information we provide may appear 
on your and the Authorized Users’ credit reports.
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate 
information about your 
Account to a credit bureau or 
other consumer reporting agency, notify us in writing at 
PO Box 30281, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0281. When 
you write, tell us the specific information that you believe 
is incorrect and why you believe it is incorrect. 
We may obtain and use credit, income and other information 
about you from credit bureaus and others as the law allows.
 
Closing or Suspending Your Account
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close 
your Account.
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law
, even if you are not in default. 
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your 
Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close 
or permanently suspend your Account, you must return 
or destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts 
you owe on the Account.
Changes to Your Agreement
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing 
so. We will give you notice of any changes as required 
by law. We may notify you of changes on your Statement 
or in a separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and 
how the changes will take effect. The notice will describe 
any rights you have in connection with the changes. 
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as 
the index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase 
your APRs for any other reason, or if we change your 
Fees
 or other terms of your Account, we will notify you 
as required by law.
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part 
of this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts 
will remain in effect.
Waiver
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose 
not to take any action for any reason. We may waive our 
right without notifying you. For example, we may waive 
your Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and 
without losing our right to charge them in the future. 
Assignment
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of 
your and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, 
assign or transfer your Account or this Agreement to 
someone else without our written permission. 
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior 
notice to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our 
place under this Agreement. Y
ou must pay them and 
perform all of your obligations to them and not us. If you 
pay us after we notify you that we have transferred your 
Account or this Agreement, we can return the payment 
to you, forward the payment to the assignee, or handle it 
in another way that is reasonable. 
Glossary
• “Access Check” means any check we send to you to 
access credit from your 
Account. We may also refer 
to an Access Check as a “convenience check” or a 
“purchase check”.
•  “Account” means your Card Account with us.
• “Authorized User” means a person who may use the 
Card,
 but is not responsible for the repayment of the 
Account. 
• “Balance Transfer” means a Transfer posted to the 
purchase 
Segment of your Account unless otherwise 
described in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
• “Billing Cycle” means the period of time reflected on 
a 
Statement. This period may vary in length, but is 
approximately 30 days. You will have a Billing Cycle 
even if a Statement is not required. We will often 
specify a Billing Cycle by the month in which its closing 
date occurs. For example, a “March Billing Cycle” will 
have a closing date in March. We may also refer to 
a Billing Cycle as a “Billing Period”. If your Account 
balance has charged off, we may switch to quarterly 
Billing Cycles for your Account.
• “Card” means any Capital One credit card associated 
with your 
Account. This includes all renewals and 
substitutions. It also means any other access device 
for your Account we give you that allows you to obtain 
credit, including any Account number.
• “Cash Advance” means a loan in cash or things we 
consider cash equivalents, including wire transfers, 
travelers’ checks, money orders, foreign currency
, 
lottery tickets, gaming chips, and wagers. We post 
Cash Advances to the Cash Advance Segment of your 
Account and not to your purchase Segment.
• “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not 
based on the Annual Percentage Rates.
•  “Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account 
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates.
• “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other 
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account. 
This includes any image of these instruments. This 
does not include an Access Check.
• “Payment Card Network” means the network provider 
displayed on your Card. This may be Visa Inc., 
MasterCard International Incorporated, or any other 
network provider. 
• “Segments” means the different parts of your Account 
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, 
pricing, or other terms. We create these parts of your 
Account for such things as your purchases, Balance 
Transfers, Cash Advances and Special Transfers. 
The sum of your Segment balances equals your total 
Account balance.
• “Special Transfer” means a Transfer posted to a 
Segment of your Account that is not your purchase 
Segment or Cash Advance Segment.
•    “Statement” means a document showing important 
Account information, including all transactions billed to 
your Account during a Billing Cycle and information about 
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement 
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”. 
• “Transfers” means amounts transferred from other 
accounts to this Account and includes Balance 
Transfers and Special Transfers.
•   “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that 
the federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z 
require for any Account. This includes your application 
and solicitation disclosures, Account opening 
disclosures, subsequent disclosures, Statements, and 
change in terms notices.
6
© 2014 Capital One
Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved.
BR281644    M-112861 COF Customer Agreement 305

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for Walmart Rewards Cards.pdf-255657.pdf ===

Credit Card Agreement for Walmart Rewards® Cards in Capital One, N.A.
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending on 
the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. Not all offers will contain introductory rates. The 
Customer Agreement contains important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. Please 
visit www.capitalone.com to view our online credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log in to your 
account if you would like to request the Credit Card 
Agreement for your account(s).
Annual Percentage Rate
Annual Percentage Rate
(APR) for Purchases and
Quick Cash
28.99%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
How to Avoid Paying
Interest on Purchases
Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you 
interest on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due date 
each month.
For Credit Card Tips from
the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,  
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Fees
Annual Fee None.
Penalty Fees
• Late Payment Up to $39.
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See 
“How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below.
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in “Y
our Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD
How Do You Calculate My Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in 
The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates on the following segment(s) will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your January, April, July and 
October billing periods: Purchase and Quick Cash APR: Prime plus 21.49%. Any increase in the Prime Rate may increase your 
Interest Charges and your Minimum Payment.
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Purchase and Quick Cash 
APR is 0.07942%. See “How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below.
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each segment, 1) take the beginning balance and add in new 
transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’
s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits for that 
segment as of that day
. The result is the daily balance for each segment. However, if you paid your previous month’s balance 
in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which post to your purchase or special purchase
 
segments are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a grace period are not added to the daily balances.
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance: 1) add the daily balances together for each segment, and 2) divide the sum by the 
number of days in the billing cycle.
At the end of each billing cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the daily 
periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for that segment, and 2) multiply the result by the number of days in the billing period.
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, this calculation may vary from the interest charge actually assessed.
©2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www.capitalone.com.
Capital One® Customer Agreement
Welcome to Capital One
Thank you for opening a credit card account with us. 
This Customer Agreement, including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”), contains the terms of your agreement 
with Capital One.
Definitions
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in 
the Glossary section at the end of this Agreement.
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant 
and co-applicant for the Account; any person responsible 
for paying the Account; and any person responsible for 
complying with this Agreement. “We,” 
“us,” “our,” and “Capital One” mean Capital One, 
National Association; and its agents, authorized 
representatives, successors, and assignees.
Account Documents
The following documents govern your Account with us:
(1) this Agreement; 
(2) all Statements; 
(3)  any rewards program terms, conditions, and 
disclosures;
(4) any privacy notices; 
(5)  all disclosures and materials provided to you before 
or when you opened your Account;
(6)  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and
(7) any future changes we make to any of the above.  
Please read these carefully and keep them for  
future reference.
New Offers
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that we 
think may interest you. The terms of these offers may differ 
from the standard terms on your Account. This Agreement 
will still apply.
Account Information
We need information about you to manage your 
Account. This includes:
(1) your legal name;
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address 
(if different); 
(3) your date of birth;
(4)  your Social Security number or other government 
identification number;
(5) your telephone number(s); and
(6) your employment and income information. 
You must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. 
We may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify 
your information, or if you do not provide it as requested.
Credit Limits
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limits. These will also appear on your Statement. We may 
also refer to your credit limits as your credit lines. We 
may give you different credit limits for different types of 
transactions or for the different Segments of your Account.
You are responsible for keeping track of your Segment 
balances and your available credit. You must manage 
your Account to remain below your credit limits. We may 
honor transactions above your credit limits, but if we do 
these transactions will not increase your credit limit. You 
are responsible for paying for any transaction you make 
above your credit limits.
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your 
credit limit on any Segment at any time. This will not 
affect your obligation to pay us. 
Using Your Account
(1) This Agreement applies whether or not you use your  
Card or Account. It will continue to apply even after 
your Account is closed, as long as you have a balance.
(2)  You must sign the Card immediately when you 
receive it.
(3)  You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to.
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card and Account.
(5)  We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account is not in default.
(6)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we 
do not authorize a transaction.
(7) W  e are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason.
(8)  Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable Segment of your 
Account. We will apply it against your available credit 
for that Segment.
(9)  You may obtain Quick Cash at participating Walmart-
owned registers as permitted for your Account.
(10)  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any 
illegal activity. You are responsible for any charges  
if you do.
(11)  We are not liable for any losses that may result 
when our services are unavailable due to reasons 
beyond our control.
(12) Y  ou may use your Account for purchases at 
participating retail locations that accept the Card.
Rewards
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to 
earn rewards. If it does, we will separately provide you 
with information and terms about the rewards.
1
Promotional Credit Plans
From time to time, we may offer one or more 
promotional Segments prior to or at the time of your 
purchase. Only certain purchases may be eligible for 
promotional Segments. These offers may have special 
repayment terms and are conditioned on your timely 
payment of at least the requirement payment amount 
each Billing Cycle.
1.  Waived Interest Charge - With this offer there are  
no Interest Charges on your purchases for a 
specified period.
2. Reduced Rate - With this offer, you will receive a 
reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) on your 
purchase for a specified period. 
Using a PIN
We may give you a personal identification number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card.
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it 
to anyone, or keep it with your Card. If you lose your 
Card or believe the confidentiality of your PIN has 
been compromised for any reason, you must contact 
Customer Service immediately.
Authorized Users
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, 
they are an Authorized User. We may require certain 
information about them. We may limit their ability to use 
your Card. They may have access to certain information 
about your Account. You will be responsible for their use 
of the Account and anyone else they allow to use your 
Account, even if you did not want, or agree to, that use. 
Removing an Authorized User
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and 
request their removal. You also must immediately 
destroy all Cards in their possession and cancel any 
arrangements they may have set up on your Account. 
They will be able to use your Account until you have 
notified us that you are removing them from your 
Account. During this time, you will still be responsible 
for all amounts they charge to your Account. You will be 
responsible even if these amounts do not appear on your 
Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number.
Your Promise to Pay
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card
 in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes. 
Statements
We will generally send or make available to you one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of 
each Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law 
may not require us to send or make available to you a 
Statement, or may prohibit us from doing so.
Disputed Transactions
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and 
other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify 
us of an error, we will assume that all information on the 
Statement is correct. 
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also:
(1)  give us any information about the disputed 
transaction, if we ask;
(2)  not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the 
transaction amount from the merchant or any other 
person; and
(3) help us get reimbursement from others.
No Warranties
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement.
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without 
your permission, you must contact Customer Service 
immediately. You will not be responsible for transactions 
on your Account that we find are unauthorized.
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you will 
help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement from 
the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us documents in 
a form that we request. 
Interest Charges and Fees
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your 
Account as disclosed on your Statement and other 
Truth-In-Lending Disclosures. In general, Interest 
Charges begin to accrue on any unpaid amount from the 
date of the transaction, date the transaction is processed 
or the first day of the Billing Cycle. However, we will not 
charge you interest on any new transactions posted to 
the purchase Segment of your Account if you pay your 
“New Balance” in full by the due date on your Statement 
each month. If you did not pay your “New Balance” in 
full when due for a Billing Cycle, interest will continue to 
2
accrue between the time that we calculate your “New 
Balance,” as reflected on your Statement, and when 
we receive your payment. This interest will post on your 
next Statement. That is why if you start accruing Interest 
Charges, you generally must pay your “New Balance” 
in full for two consecutive Billing Cycles before Interest 
Charges stop posting to your Statement. From time to 
time, we may provide you offers that allow you to pay 
less than the “New Balance” in full and avoid Interest 
Charges on new purchase Segment transactions. If we 
do, we will provide details in the specific offer.
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to 
your Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures 
provide for them. We may increase your Interest Charges 
and Fees as described in the Changes to Your Agreement 
section or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
Membership Fee
If your Account has a membership Fee, we may charge 
the first membership Fee either on the day you activate 
your Card or on the day when you use your Account, 
whichever occurs first. If your Account terms include a 
$0 introductory Fee, we may charge the first Fee when 
the introductory period ends. If it is an annual Fee, we 
may then charge it approximately once per year. If it is a 
monthly Fee, we may charge it each Billing Cycle.
Late Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive 
your payment as instructed on your Statement by the 
payment due date.
Returned Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time your financial 
institution for any reason rejects a payment you make  
to us.
Minimum Payment
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount 
by the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you: 
(1) the minimum payment due,
(2) your new balance,
(3) the payment due date, and
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us 
for us to consider it received as of that date.
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce 
your Account balance, but they will not change your 
minimum payment amount.
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay 
all or part of the total balance on your Account. But, 
you must still pay at least the minimum payment 
amount each month, even if you paid more than the 
minimum payment due on the previous Statement. We 
will continue to charge Interest Charges during Billing 
Cycles when you carry a balance regardless of whether 
your Statement includes a minimum payment that is 
due. If your Account is 180 days past due, is part of a 
bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged off, the 
total balance is immediately due and payable.
Making Payments
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not 
make payments with funds from your Account or any 
other credit account with us or any other company in 
the Capital One organization. You must send mailed 
payments to us as instructed on your Statement, unless 
we tell you otherwise. 
Other Payment Services
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services. 
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects 
a payment made using our payment services.
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we 
may provide that person with limited Account information 
necessary to set up and process that payment. We may 
also refuse to accept that payment. If we do accept 
it, you will be responsible for that payment even if a 
financial institution rejects it. 
Payment Processing
We may accept and process payments without losing 
any of our rights. We may delay the availability of 
credit until we confirm that your payment has cleared. 
This may happen even if we credit your payment to 
your Account. We may resubmit and collect returned 
payments electronically. If necessary, we may adjust 
your Account to correct errors, process returned and 
reversed payments, and handle similar issues.
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize 
us to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your 
deposit account. You also authorize us to process the 
payment as an Item. We may withdraw the funds from 
your deposit account as early as the same day we receive 
your payment. You will not receive your Item back from 
your bank. We will provide additional information about 
this process on your Statement. 
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended. 
How We Apply Your Payments
Your Account may have Segments with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). If your Account has Segment 
3
balances with different APRs, here is how we apply 
payments in a Billing Cycle: 
(1)  We generally apply credits and payments up to your 
minimum payment first to the balance with the lowest 
APR, and then to balances with higher APRs. 
(2) W  e apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest 
APR, and then to balances with lower APRs.
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions, 
or Instructions
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, 
conditions, limitations, or special instructions to:
Capital One 
PO Box 1330 
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications.
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process 
it without losing any of our rights.
Credit Balances
We may reject and return any payment that creates or 
adds to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit 
balance we allow will not be available until we confirm 
that your payment has cleared. We may reduce the 
amount of any credit balance by any new charges. You 
may write to the address provided on your Statement 
or call Customer Service to request a refund of any 
available credit balance.
Account Default
You will be in default if:
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due;
(2)  any payment you make is rejected, not paid or 
cannot be processed;
(3) you exceed a credit limit;
(4)  you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding;
(5)  you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity; 
(6)  we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us; 
(7)  you do not comply with any term of this Agreement 
or any other agreement with us; or
(8) you permanently reside outside the United States. 
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice: 
(1)  charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on 
your Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures;
(2) close or suspend your Account;
(3) lower your credit limit(s);
(4)  demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account;
(5) continue to charge you  Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or
(6)  file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts.
Communications
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account.
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone 
number (including a mobile telephone number that 
you provide us), and use an automated telephone 
dialing system or similar device to do so. You agree that 
we may monitor or record any conversation or other 
communication with you. 
Some of our communications, including this Agreement, 
are available in both English and Spanish. You will be 
given the opportunity to select which of these language 
you would prefer for future communications. Capital One 
reserves the right to send communications in English. 
Some online services and other important communications 
about your Account may only be available in English. You 
should review all communications we send to you in both 
languages, as they may contain important information 
about your Account.
Credit Reports
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, 
or other defaults on your Account may be reflected in 
your credit report. Information we provide may appear 
on your and the Authorized Users’ credit reports.
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate 
information about your Account to a credit bureau or 
other consumer reporting agency, notify us in writing at 
PO Box 30281, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0281. When 
you write, tell us the specific information that you believe 
is incorrect and why you believe it is incorrect. 
We may obtain and use credit, income and other 
information about you from credit bureaus and others as 
the law allows. 
Closing or Suspending Your Account
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close 
your Account.
We may close or suspend your Account at any time  
and for any reason permitted by law, even if you are  
not in default. 
4
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close 
or permanently suspend your Account, you must return 
or destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts 
you owe on the Account.
Changes to Your Agreement
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing 
so. We will give you notice of any changes as required 
by law. We may notify you of changes on your Statement 
or in a separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and 
how the changes will take effect. The notice will describe 
any rights you have in connection with the changes. 
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as the 
index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase your APRs 
for any other reason, or if we change your Fees or other 
terms of your Account, we will notify you as required by law.
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part 
of this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts 
will remain in effect.
Waiver
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose 
not to take any action for any reason. We may waive our 
right without notifying you. For example, we may waive 
your Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and 
without losing our right to charge them in the future. 
Assignment
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of 
your and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, 
assign or transfer your Account or this Agreement to 
someone else without our written permission. 
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior 
notice to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our 
place under this Agreement. You must pay them and 
perform all of your obligations to them and not us. If you 
pay us after we notify you that we have transferred your 
Account or this Agreement, we can return the payment 
to you, forward the payment to the assignee, or handle it 
in another way that is reasonable.
Glossary
•“Account” means your Card Account with us.  
• “Authorized User” means a person who may use  
the Card, but is not responsible for the repayment  
of the Account
. 
• “Billing Cycle” means the period of time reflected on 
a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is 
approximately 30 days. You will have a Billing Cycle 
even if a Statement is not required. We will often 
specify a Billing Cycle by the month in which its closing 
date occurs. For example, a “March Billing Cycle” will 
have a closing date in March. We may also refer to 
a Billing Cycle as a “Billing Period”. If your Account 
balance has charged off, we may switch to quarterly 
Billing Cycles for your Account.
• “Card” means any Capital One credit card associated 
with your Account. This includes all renewals and 
substitutions. It also means any other access device for 
your Account we give you that allows you to obtain credit, 
including any Account number.
• “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not 
based on the Annual Percentage Rates.
•“Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account 
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates.
• “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other 
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account. This 
includes any image of these instruments.
• “Quick Cash” means cash that may be obtained in $20 
increments, up to any limit we may set, at the time 
a purchase transaction is made using your Card at 
participating Walmart-owned registers. Quick Cash is 
not available if you are using Walmart Pay. Quick Cash 
transactions will be treated as part of the purchase Segment 
of your Account for the purpose of calculating interest. 
• “Segments” means the different parts of your Account 
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, 
pricing, or other terms. The sum of your Segment 
balances equals your total Account balance.
• “Statement” means a document showing important 
Account information, including all transactions billed to 
your Account during a Billing Cycle and information about 
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement 
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”. 
•“Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that 
the federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z 
require for any Account. This includes your application 
and solicitation disclosures, Account opening 
disclosures, subsequent disclosures, Statements, and 
change in terms notices.
  
   
5
© 2019 Capital One
Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved.
BR408249    M-128868 COF Customer Agreement 426

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for West Elm Key Rewards Card.pdf-255651.pdf ===

Credit Card Agreement for Williams Sonoma Key Rewards Card, Pottery Barn Key 
Rewards Card, West Elm Key Rewards Card, Key Rewards Card in Capital One, N.A.
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending on 
the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. Not all offers will contain introductory rates. The 
Customer Agreement contains important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. Please 
visit www.capitalone.com to view our online credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log in to your 
account if you would like to request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s).
Annual Percentage Rate
Annual Percentage Rate
(APR) for Purchases
31.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
How to Avoid Paying
Interest on Purchases
Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you 
interest on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due date 
each month.
For Credit Card Tips from
the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,  
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Fees
Annual Fee None.
Penalty Fees
• Late Payment Up to $40.
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See 
“How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below.
What Are My “Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other T
ruth-in-Lending Disclosures.
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD
How Do 
You Calculate My Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your Billing Cycle which begins in January, April, July and 
October: Purchase APR: Prime plus 23.74%. Any increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your 
Minimum Payment.
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Purchase APR is 
0.08559%. See “How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below.
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each Credit Plan, 1) take the beginning balance and add in new 
transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits for 
that Credit Plan as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each Credit Plan. However
, if you paid your previous month’s 
non-promotional balance in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which post to your purchase 
or special purchase Credit 
Plan are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a grace period are not added 
to the daily balances.
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance: 1) 
add the daily balances together for each Credit Plan, and 2) 
divide the sum by the 
number of days in the Billing Cycle.
At the end of each billing cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for that Credit Plan, and 2) multiply the result by the number of days in the billing 
period. We add the Interest Charges for all Credit Plans together. The result is your total Interest Charge for the Billing Cycle.
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum Interest Charge, this calculation may vary from the Interest Charge actually assessed.
© 2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www
.capitalone.com.
Capital One Customer Agreement
Welcome to Capital One
Thank you for opening a credit card account with us. 
This Customer Agreement, including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”), contains the terms of your agreement with 
Capital One.
Definitions
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in the 
Glossary section at the end of this Agreement.
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant and co-
applicant for the Account; any person responsible for paying 
the Account; and any person responsible for complying 
with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and “Capital One” 
mean Capital One, National Association; and its agents, 
authorized representatives, successors, and assignees.
Account Documents
The following documents govern your Account with us:
(1) this Agreement;
(2) all Statements;
(3) any privacy notices;
(4)  all disclosures and materials provided to you before or 
when you opened your Account;
(5)  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and
(6)  any future changes we make to any of the above.
Please read these carefully and keep them for  
future reference.
New Offers
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that we 
think may interest you. The terms of these offers may differ 
from the standard terms on your Account. This Agreement 
will still apply.
Account Information
We need information about you to manage your Account. 
This includes:
(1) your legal name;
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address  
(if different);
(3) your date of birth;
(4)  your Social Security number or other government 
identification number we accept;
(5)  your telephone number(s); and
(6) your employment and income information.
Y
ou must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. We 
may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify your 
information, or if you do not provide it as requested.
Credit Limit
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limit. This will also appear on your Statement. We may also 
refer to your credit limit as your credit line. 
You are responsible for keeping track of your balance and 
your available credit. You must manage your Account to 
remain below your credit limit. We may honor transactions 
above your credit limit, but if we do these transactions 
will not increase your credit limit. You are responsible for 
paying for any transaction you make above your credit limit.
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your 
credit limit at any time. This will not affect your obligation to 
pay us.
Using Your Account
(1)  This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card or Account. It will continue to apply even after your 
Account is closed, as long as you have a balance.
(2)  You must sign the Card immediately when you receive it.
(3)  You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to.
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card and Account.
(5)  We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account is not in default.
(6)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we do 
not authorize a transaction.
(7)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason.
(8)  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any illegal 
activity. You are responsible for any charges if you do.
(9)  We are not liable for any losses that may result when 
our services are unavailable due to reasons beyond  
our control.
(10)  You may use your Account for purchases at 
participating retail locations that accept the Card.
Promotional Credit Plans
From time to time, we may offer one or more promotional 
Credit Plans prior to, or at the time of, your purchase. 
Only certain purchases may be eligible for promotional 
Credit Plans. These Credit Plans may have special 
repayment terms and are conditioned on your timely 
payment of at least the required payment amount each 
Billing Cycle.
1. Waived Interest Charge — With this plan there are no 
Interest Charges on your purchase for a specified period.
2. Reduced Rate — With this plan, you will receive a 
reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) on your 
purchase for a specified period.
Authorized Users
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, they are 
an Authorized User. We may require certain information 
about them. We may limit their ability to use your Card. 
They may have access to certain information about your 
Account. You will be responsible for their use of the 
Account and anyone else they allow to use your Account, 
even if you did not want, or agree to, that use.
Removing an Authorized User
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. 
You will be responsible even if these amounts do not 
appear on your Account until later. Authorized Users may 
1
remove themselves from your Account upon request. We 
reserve the right to remove them from your Account for any 
reason. To remove them from your Account, we may close 
your existing Account and issue a new Card with a new 
Account number.
Your Promise to Pay
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes.
Statements
We will generally send, or make available to you, one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of each 
Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law may not 
require us to send, or make available to you, a Statement, 
or may prohibit us from doing so.
Disputed Transactions
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described in 
the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other 
Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify us of an 
error, we will assume that all information on the Statement 
is correct.
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also:
(1) 
 
 
 give us any information about the disputed transaction, 
if we ask;
(2)  not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the 
transaction amount from the merchant or any other 
person; and
(3) help us get reimbursement from others.
No Warranties
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement.
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without 
your permission, you must contact Customer Service 
immediately. You will not be responsible for transactions on 
your Account that we find are unauthorized.
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you will 
help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement from 
the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us documents in a 
form that we request.
Interest Charges and Fees
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
on any unpaid amount from the date of the transaction, date 
the transaction is processed or the first day of the Billing 
Cycle. However, we will not charge you interest on any 
new transactions posted to your Account if you pay your 
“New Balance” in full by the due date on your Statement 
each month. If you did not pay your “New Balance” in full 
when due for a Billing Cycle, interest will continue to accrue 
between the time that we calculate your “New Balance,” 
as reflected on your Statement, and when we receive your 
payment. This interest will post on your next Statement. 
That is why if you start accruing Interest Charges, you 
generally must pay your “New Balance” in full for two 
consecutive Billing Cycles before Interest Charges stop 
posting to your Statement. If you have a Waived Interest 
Charge or Reduced Rate Credit Plan balance, we will 
exclude that promotional plan balance from the amount you 
must pay in full to avoid Interest Charges. However, you 
must still pay the full non-promotional purchase Credit Plan 
balance displayed on your Statement each month, plus any 
minimum payment due appearing on your Statement.
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to your 
Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures provide 
for them. We may increase your Interest Charges and Fees 
as described in the Changes to Your Agreement section 
or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
Late Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive your 
payment as instructed on your Statement by the payment 
due date.
Minimum Payment
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount by 
the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you:
(1) 
 
 
the minimum payment due,
(2)
your new balance,
(3) the payment due date, and
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us for 
us to consider it received as of that date.
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce your 
Account balance, but they will not change your minimum 
payment amount. 
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay all or 
part of the total balance on your Account. But, you must 
still pay at least the minimum payment amount each month, 
even if you paid more than the minimum payment due on 
the previous Statement. We will continue to charge Interest 
Charges during Billing Cycles when you carry a balance 
regardless of whether your Statement includes a minimum 
payment that is due. If your Account is 180 days past due, 
is part of a bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged 
off, the total balance is immediately due and payable.
Making Payments
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not make 
payments with funds from your Account or any other credit 
account with us or any other company in the Capital One 
organization. You must send mailed payments to us as 
instructed on your Statement, unless we tell you otherwise.
Other Payment Services
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services.
2
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects a 
payment made using our payment services.
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we 
may provide that person with limited Account information 
necessary to set up and process that payment. We may 
also refuse to accept that payment. If we do accept it, you 
will be responsible for that payment even if a financial 
institution rejects it.
Payment Processing
We may accept and process payments without losing any 
of our rights. We may delay the availability of credit until we 
confirm that your payment has cleared. This may happen 
even if we credit your payment to your Account. We may 
resubmit and collect returned payments electronically. If 
necessary, we may adjust your Account to correct errors, 
process returned and reversed payments, and handle 
similar issues.
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize 
us to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your 
deposit account. You also authorize us to process the 
payment as an Item. We may withdraw the funds from 
your deposit account as early as the same day we receive 
your payment. You will not receive your Item back from 
your bank. We will provide additional information about this 
process on your Statement.
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended.
How We Apply Your Payments
Your Account may have Credit Plans with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). If your Account has Credit 
Plan balances with different APRs, here is how we apply 
payments in a Billing Cycle:
(1) 
 
 W
e generally apply credits and payments up to your 
minimum payment first to the balance with the lowest 
APR, and then to balances with higher APRs.
(2)  W
e apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest APR, 
and then to balances with lower APRs.
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions,  
or Instructions
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, conditions, 
limitations, or special instructions to:
Capital One  
P.O. Box 1330
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar language. 
This also includes all accompanying communications.
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process it 
without losing any of our rights.
Credit Balances
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance.
Account Default
You will be in default if:
(1)  you do not make any payment when it is due;
(2) 
 any payment you make is rejected, not paid or cannot 
be processed;
(3) 
 you exceed your credit limit;
(4) 
 you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding;
(5) 
 you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity;
(6) 
 we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us;
(7) 
 you do not comply with any term of this Agreement or 
any other agreement with us; or
(8) 
 you permanently reside outside the United States.
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice:
(1) 
 charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on your 
Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures;
(2)  close or suspend your Account;
(3)  lower your credit limit(s);
(4) 
 demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account;
(5) 
 continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or
(6)  file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts.
Communications
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account.
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone number 
(including a mobile telephone number that you provide us), 
and use an automated telephone dialing system or similar 
device to do so. You agree that we may monitor or record 
any conversation or other communication with you.
Credit Reports
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, or 
other defaults on your Account may be reflected in your 
credit report. Information we provide may appear on your 
and the Authorized Users’ credit reports.
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate information 
about your Account to a credit bureau or other consumer 
reporting agency, notify us in writing at Attn: Credit Bureau 
Disputes, Capital One, P.O. Box 31293, Salt Lake City, 
UT 84131-1293. When you write, tell us the specific 
information that you believe is incorrect and why you 
believe it is incorrect.
3
We may obtain and use credit, income and other 
information about you from credit bureaus and others as 
the law allows.
Closing or Suspending Your Account
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close 
your Account.
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default.
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close or 
permanently suspend your Account, you must return or 
destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts you 
owe on the Account.
Changes to Your Agreement
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing so. 
We will give you notice of any changes as required by law. 
We may notify you of changes on your Statement or in a 
separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and how the 
changes will take effect. The notice will describe any rights 
you have in connection with the changes.
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as 
the index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase your 
APRs for any other reason, or if we change your Fees or 
other terms of your Account, we will notify you as required 
by law.
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part of 
this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts will 
remain in effect.
Waiver
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose not 
to take any action for any reason. We may waive our right 
without notifying you. For example, we may waive your 
Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and without 
losing our right to charge them in the future.
Assignment
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of your 
and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, assign 
or transfer your Account or this Agreement to someone else 
without our written permission.
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior notice 
to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our place under 
this Agreement. You must pay them and perform all of your 
obligations to them and not us. If you pay us after we notify 
you that we have transferred your Account or this Agreement, 
we can return the payment to you, forward the payment to the 
assignee, or handle it in another way that is reasonable.
Glossary
• “Account” means your Card Account with us.
•  “Authorized User” means a person who may use the
Card
, but is not responsible for the repayment of the
Account.
•  “Billing 
Cycle” means the period of time reflected
on a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is
approximately 30 days. You will have a Billing Cycle
even if a Statement is not required. We will often specify
a Billing Cycle by the month in which its closing date
occurs. For example, a “March Billing Cycle” will have a
closing date in March. We may also refer to a Billing Cycle
as a “Billing Period”. If your Account balance has charged
off, we may switch to quarterly Billing Cycles for your
Account.
•
 “Card” means any Pottery Barn, W
est Elm, Williams
Sonoma, or Key Rewards credit card associated with your
Account. This includes all renewals and substitutions. It
also means any other access device for your Account we
give you that allows you to obtain credit, including any
Account number.
•
 “Credit 
Plans” mean the different parts of your Account
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, pricing,
or other terms. The sum of your Credit Plan balances
equals your total Account balance.
•
 “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account
 not
based on the Annual Percentage Rates.
•  “Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates.
•  “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account
. This
includes any image of these instruments. This does not
include an Access Check.
•
 “Statement” means a document showing important
Account
 information, including all transactions billed to
your Account during a Billing Cycle and information about
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”.
•
 “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures
that the federal 
Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z
require for any Account. This includes your application
and solicitation disclosures, Account opening disclosures,
subsequent disclosures, Statements, and change in terms
notices.
4
© 2021 Capital One
Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved.
BR414371 M-133472 4     COF Customer Agreement 443

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for West Elm Key Rewards Visa.pdf-255647.pdf ===

Credit Card Agreement for Williams Sonoma Key Rewards Visa, Pottery Barn Key 
Rewards Visa, West Elm Key Rewards Visa, Key Rewards Visa in Capital One, N.A. 
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending on 
the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. Not all offers will contain introductory rates. The 
Customer Agreement contains important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. Please 
visit 
www.capitalone.com to view our online credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log in to your 
account if you would like to request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s). 
Annual Percentage Rate 
Annual Percentage Rate 
(APR) for Purchases
29.24%. 
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
APR for Transfers 29.24%. 
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
APR for Cash Advances 29.24%. 
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
Paying Interest Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest 
on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due date each 
month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and transfers on the transaction date. 
For Credit Card Tips from 
the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau 
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,  
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at 
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. 
Fees 
Annual Fee None. 
Transaction Fees 
• Transfer 3% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR 
that we may offer you. 
None for balances transferred at the Balance Transfer APR.  
• Cash Advance Either $3 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. 
Penalty Fees 
• Late Payment Up to $40. 
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See 
“How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section. 
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD 
How Do You Calculate My Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your Billing Cycle which begins in January, April, July and 
October: Purchase APR: Prime plus 21.74%; Transfer APR: Prime plus 21.74%; Cash Advance APR: Prime plus 21.74%. Any 
increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your Minimum Payment. 
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Purchase APR is 0.08011%, 
Transfer APR is 0.08011%, and Cash Advance APR is 0.08011%. See “
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section. 
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). Under 
this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each Credit Plan, we, 
1) take the beginning balance and add in new transactions 
and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits for that Credit Plan as of 
that day. The result is the daily balance for each Credit Plan. However, if you paid your previous month’s non-promotional purchases 
balance in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which post to your purchase or special purchase 
Credit Plans are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a grace period are not added to the daily balances. 
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance: 1) add the daily balances together for each Credit Plan, and 2) divide the sum by the 
number of days in the Billing Cycle. 
At the end of each Billing Cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for each Credit Plan, and 2) multiply the result by the number of days in the billing 
period. We add the Interest Charges for all Credit Plans together. The result is your total Interest Charge for the Billing Cycle. 
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum Interest Charge, this calculation may vary from the Interest Charge actually assessed. 
©2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www.capitalone.com.
Capital One Customer Agreement 
Welcome to Capital One 
This Customer Agreement, including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”), contains the terms of your agreement with 
Capital One. 
Definitions 
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in the 
Glossary section at the end of this Agreement. 
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant and co-
applicant for the Account; any person responsible for paying 
the Account; and any person responsible for complying 
with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and “Capital One” 
mean Capital One, National Association; and its agents, 
authorized representatives, successors, and assignees. 
“Williams Sonoma Retailers” means Williams Sonoma, 
Pottery Barn, Pottery Barn Kids, Pottery Barn Teen, West 
Elm, or Mark & Graham retail locations operating within 
the United States, online websites or telephone order 
centers. “Williams Sonoma brand Visa” means Williams 
Sonoma Key Rewards Visa, Pottery Barn Key Rewards 
Visa, West Elm Key Rewards Visa or Key Rewards Visa. If 
your Williams Sonoma brand Visa is accepted in Williams 
Sonoma retailers operating outside the United States, these 
will be considered non-Williams Sonoma purchases. 
Account Documents 
The following documents govern your Account with us: 
(1)  
 
 
this Agreement; 
(2) all Statements; 
(3) any privacy notices; 
(4)  your Card benefits brochure which describes benefits 
provided by the Payment Card Network for your Account; 
(5) 
 
 
 all disclosures and materials provided to you before or 
when you opened your Account; 
(6)  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and 
(7)  any future changes we make to any of the above. 
Please read these carefully and keep them for  
future reference. 
New Offers 
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that we 
think may interest you. The terms of these offers may differ 
from the standard terms on your Account. This Agreement 
will still apply. 
Account Information 
We need information about you to manage your Account. 
This includes: 
((1) your legal name; 
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address  
(if different); 
(3) your date of birth; 
(4)  your Social Security number or other government 
identification number we accept; 
(5)  your telephone number(s); and 
(6) your employment and income information. 
You must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. We 
may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify your 
information, or if you do not provide it as requested. 
Credit Limits 
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limits. These will also appear on your Statement. We 
may also refer to your credit limits as your credit lines. 
We may give you different credit limits for different types 
of transactions or for the different Credit Plans of your 
Account. For example, you may have different credit limits 
for purchases and Cash Advances. 
You are responsible for keeping track of your Credit Plan 
balances and your available credit. You must manage your 
Account to remain below your credit limits. We may honor 
transactions above your credit limits, but if we do these 
transactions will not increase your credit limit. You are 
responsible for paying for any transaction you make above 
your credit limits. 
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your 
credit limit on any Credit Plan at any time. This will not 
affect your obligation to pay us. 
Using Your Account 
(1)  This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card or Account. It will continue to apply even after your 
Account is closed, as long as you have a balance. 
(2)  You must sign the Card immediately when you receive it. 
(3)  You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to. 
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card, Access Checks  
and Account. 
(5)  We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account is not in default. 
(6)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we do 
not authorize a transaction. 
(7)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason. 
(8)  Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable Credit Plan of your 
Account. We will apply it against your available credit for 
that Credit Plan. 
(9)  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any illegal 
activity. You are responsible for any charges if you do. 
(10)   We are not liable for any losses that may result when 
our services are unavailable due to reasons beyond 
our control. 
(11)  You may use your Account for purchases anywhere 
Visa is accepted, and you may obtain Cash Advances 
and Transfers as permitted for your Account. You may 
not use these to pay any amount you owe us or any 
other company in the Capital One organization. 
Rewards 
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to earn 
rewards. If it does, we will separately provide you with 
information and terms about the rewards. 
Promotional Credit Plans 
From time to time, we may offer one or more promotional 
Credit Plans prior to, or at the time of, your purchase. Only 
certain purchases may be eligible for promotional Credit 
Plans. These Credit Plans may have special repayment 
1
terms and are conditioned on your timely payment of at 
least the required payment amount each Billing Cycle. 
1. Waived Interest Charge — With this offer there  
are no Interest Charges on your purchases for a 
specified period. 
2. Reduced Rate — With this offer, you will receive 
a reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) on your 
purchase for a specified period. 
Using a PIN 
We may give you a personal identification number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card. 
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it 
to anyone, or keep it with your Card. If you lose your 
Card or believe the confidentiality of your PIN has been 
compromised for any reason, you must contact Customer 
Service immediately. 
Authorized Users 
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, they are 
an Authorized User. We may require certain information 
about them. We may limit their ability to use your Card. 
They may have access to certain information about your 
Account. You will be responsible for their use of the 
Account and anyone else they allow to use your Account, 
even if you did not want, or agree to, that use. 
Removing an Authorized User 
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. 
You will be responsible even if these amounts do not 
appear on your Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number. 
Your Promise to Pay 
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes. 
Statements 
We will generally send, or make available to you, one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of each 
Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law may not 
require us to send, or make available to you, a Statement, 
or may prohibit us from doing so. 
Disputed Transactions 
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described in 
the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other 
Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify us of an 
error, we will assume that all information on the Statement 
is correct. 
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also: 
(1)  give us any information about the disputed transaction, 
if we ask; 
(2)  not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the transaction 
amount from the merchant or any other person; and 
(3)  help us get reimbursement from others. 
No Warranties 
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement. 
Lost or Stolen Card 
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without 
your permission, you must contact Customer Service 
immediately. You will not be responsible for transactions on 
your Account that we find are unauthorized. 
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you will 
help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement from 
the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us documents in a 
form that we request. 
Interest Charges and Fees 
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
on any unpaid amount from the date of the transaction, date 
the transaction is processed or the first day of the Billing 
Cycle. However, we will not charge you interest on any new 
transactions posted to the purchase Credit Plan of your 
Account if you pay your “New Balance” in full by the due 
date on your Statement each month. If you did not pay your 
“New Balance” in full when due for a Billing Cycle, interest 
will continue to accrue between the time that we calculate 
your “New Balance,” as reflected on your Statement, and 
when we receive your payment. This interest will post 
on your next Statement. That is why if you start accruing 
Interest Charges, you generally must pay your “New 
Balance” in full for two consecutive Billing Cycles before 
Interest Charges stop posting to your Statement. Please 
note, however, that Interest Charges will begin accruing 
immediately for any Cash Advances and other transactions 
that do not post to the purchase Credit Plan. 
From time to time, we may offer Transfers or promotional 
purchase financing that do allow you to pay less than 
the statement “New Balance” and still avoid interest on 
any new transactions that post to the standard purchase 
balance. However, in these cases you must pay in full 
transactions that are posted to the standard purchase 
balance and any Cash Advance balance, plus at least the 
minimum payment amount for all other balances on the 
account by the due date each month. We may also display 
an interest saver payment amount on your statement, if 
applicable, for your convenience. 
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to your 
Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures provide 
2
for them. We may increase your Interest Charges and Fees 
as described in the Changes to Your Agreement section 
or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
Late Payment Fee 
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive your 
payment as instructed on your Statement by the payment 
due date. 
Minimum Payment 
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount by 
the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you: 
(1) the minimum payment due, 
(2) your new balance, 
(3) the payment due date, and 
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us for 
us to consider it received as of that date. 
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce your 
Account balance, but they will not change your minimum 
payment amount. 
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay all or 
part of the total balance on your Account. But, you must 
still pay at least the minimum payment amount each month, 
even if you paid more than the minimum payment due on 
the previous Statement. We will continue to charge Interest 
Charges during Billing Cycles when you carry a balance 
regardless of whether your Statement includes a minimum 
payment that is due. If your Account is 180 days past due, 
is part of a bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged 
off, the total balance is immediately due and payable. 
Making Payments 
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not make 
payments with funds from your Account or any other credit 
account with us or any other company in the Capital One 
organization. You must send mailed payments to us as 
instructed on your Statement, unless we tell you otherwise. 
Other Payment Services 
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services. 
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects a 
payment made using our payment services. 
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we 
may provide that person with limited Account information 
necessary to set up and process that payment. We may 
also refuse to accept that payment. If we do accept it, you 
will be responsible for that payment even if a financial 
institution rejects it. 
Payment Processing 
We may accept and process payments without losing any 
of our rights. We may delay the availability of credit until we 
confirm that your payment has cleared. This may happen 
even if we credit your payment to your Account. We may 
resubmit and collect returned payments electronically. If 
necessary, we may adjust your Account to correct errors, 
process returned and reversed payments, and handle 
similar issues. 
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize 
us to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your 
deposit account. You also authorize us to process the 
payment as an Item. We may withdraw the funds from 
your deposit account as early as the same day we receive 
your payment. You will not receive your Item back from 
your bank. We will provide additional information about this 
process on your Statement. 
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended. 
How We Apply Your Payments 
Your Account may have Credit Plans with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). For example, purchases may 
have a lower APR than Cash Advances. If your Account 
has Credit Plan balances with different APRs, here is how 
we apply payments in a Billing Cycle: 
(1)  We generally apply credits and payments up to your 
minimum payment first to the balance with the lowest 
APR, and then to balances with higher APRs. 
(2)  We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest APR, 
and then to balances with lower APRs. 
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions,  
or Instructions 
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, conditions, 
limitations, or special instructions to: 
Capital One  
P.O. Box 1330 
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330 
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications. 
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process it 
without losing any of our rights. 
Credit Balances 
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance. 
Account Default 
You will be in default if: 
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due; 
(2)  any payment you make is rejected, not paid or cannot 
be processed; 
(3) you exceed a credit limit; 
(4)  you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding; 
(5)  you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity;
3
(6)  we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us; 
(7)  you do not comply with any term of this Agreement or 
any other agreement with us; or 
(8)  you permanently reside outside the United States. 
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice: 
(1)  charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on 
your Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures; 
(2)  close or suspend your Account; 
(3)  lower your credit limit(s); 
(4)  demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account; 
(5)  continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or 
(6)  file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts. 
Communications 
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account. 
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone 
number (including a mobile telephone number that you 
provide us), and use an automated telephone dialing 
system or similar device to do so. You agree that we may 
monitor or record any conversation or other communication 
with you. 
Credit Reports 
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, or 
other defaults on your Account may be reflected in your 
credit report. Information we provide may appear on your 
and the Authorized Users’ credit reports. 
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate information 
about your Account to a credit bureau or other consumer 
reporting agency, notify us in writing at Capital One, 
P.O. 
Box
 
 31293, Salt Lake City, UT 84131-1293. When you 
write, tell us the specific information that you believe is 
incorrect and why you believe it is incorrect. 
We may obtain and use credit, income and other 
information about you from credit bureaus and others as 
the law allows. 
Closing or Suspending Your Account 
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close  
your Account. 
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default. 
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close or 
permanently suspend your Account, you must return or 
destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts you 
owe on the Account. 
Changes to Your Agreement 
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing so. 
We will give you notice of any changes as required by law. 
We may notify you of changes on your Statement or in a 
separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and how the 
changes will take effect. The notice will describe any rights 
you have in connection with the changes. 
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as the 
index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase your APRs 
for any other reason, or if we change your Fees or other 
terms of your Account, we will notify you as required by law. 
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement 
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part of 
this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts will 
remain in effect. 
Waiver 
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose not 
to take any action for any reason. We may waive our right 
without notifying you. For example, we may waive your 
Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and without 
losing our right to charge them in the future. 
Assignment 
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of your 
and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, assign 
or transfer your Account or this Agreement to someone else 
without our written permission. 
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior notice 
to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our place under 
this Agreement. You must pay them and perform all of your 
obligations to them and not us. If you pay us after we notify 
you that we have transferred your Account or this Agreement, 
we can return the payment to you, forward the payment to the 
assignee, or handle it in another way that is reasonable. 
Access Checks 
We may provide you with Access Checks. If we do, we will 
tell you at the time if we consider them purchases, Cash 
Advances or Special Transfers. 
Only the person we designate may use Access Checks. 
You may not use them to pay any amount you owe us or 
any other company in the Capital One organization. We 
may reject and not pay any Access Check if: 
(1)  your Account is past due, charged off, bankrupt, lost/ 
stolen or closed; 
(2) we suspect fraud; 
(3) your Account is over the credit limit; or 
(4)  the check has expired, is damaged or cannot otherwise 
be processed. 
Our liability if we do not pay an Access Check will never be 
more than 
(1) your actual damages or (2) the amount of the 
Access Check, whichever is less. 
Use of an Access Check is not the same as using your 
Card. When you use an Access Check, you will have fewer 
rights to dispute merchant transactions than with uses 
of your Card. Please see the “Billing Rights Summary” 
on your Statement and your other Truth-in- Lending 
Disclosures for more information.
4
5
Stopping Payment of Access Checks 
You may request a stop payment on any Access Check 
by contacting Customer Service. 
We will have a reasonable amount of time after your 
stop payment request to research and complete the stop 
payment. We will not be responsible if we cannot complete 
the stop payment. Reasons include: 
(1) the Access Check was already paid; 
(2) you do not give us the information we asked for; or 
(3) the information you gave us was incorrect. 
We do not have to release the stop payment order unless 
the account holder who made the request asks us to. 
If we re-credit your Account after a valid stop payment 
order, you give us all of your rights against the payee or 
other holder of the paid Access Check. You also agree to 
help us in any legal action we may later take against the 
payee or other holder of the check. 
Cash Advance Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time you take out a 
Cash Advance. We will treat this Fee as a Cash Advance 
transaction. 
Transfer Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time you make a 
Transfer. We will charge the Fee to the same Credit Plan 
where we post the Transfer. 
Transactions Made in Foreign Currencies 
If you make a transaction in a foreign currency, the 
Payment Card Network will convert it into a U.S. dollar 
amount. The Payment Card Network will use its own 
currency conversion procedures. The conversion rate 
in effect on the processing date may differ from the rate 
in effect on the transaction date that appears on your 
Statement. We do not adjust the currency exchange rate or 
charge any currency conversion Fees. 
Glossary 
•  
 
 
“Access Check” means any check we send to you to 
access credit from your Account. We may also refer to 
an Access Check as a “convenience check” or a 
“purchase check”. 
• “Account” means your Card Account with us. 
• “Authorized User” means a person who may use 
the Card, but is not responsible for the repayment of 
the Account. 
• “Balance Transfer” means an amount posted to the 
Balance Transfer Credit Plan of your Account unless 
otherwise described in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
•  
 
 
“Billing Cycle” means the period of time reflected 
on a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is 
approximately 30 days. You will have a Billing Cycle even if 
a Statement is not required. We will often specify a Billing 
Cycle by the month in which its closing date occurs. For 
example, a “March Billing Cycle” will have a closing date 
in March. We may also refer to a Billing Cycle as a “Billing 
Period”. If your Account balance has charged off, we may 
switch to quarterly Billing Cycles for your Account. 
• “Card” means any Pottery Barn, West Elm, Williams 
Sonoma, or Key Rewards credit card associated with your 
Account. This includes all renewals and substitutions. It 
also means any other access device for your Account we 
give you that allows you to obtain credit, including any 
Account number. 
• “Cash Advance” means a loan in cash or things we 
consider cash equivalents, including wire transfers, 
travelers’ checks, money orders, foreign currency, 
lottery tickets, gaming chips, and wagers. We post Cash 
Advances to the Cash Advance Credit Plan of your 
Account and not to your purchase Credit Plan. 
•  
 
 
“Credit Plans” mean the different parts of your Account 
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, pricing, 
or other terms. These may be individual purchases, or 
they may be combined balance types such as Balance 
Transfers and Cash Advances which are under same 
terms. The sum of your Credit Plan balances equals your 
total Account balance. 
• “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not 
based on the Annual Percentage Rates. 
• “Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account 
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates. 
•  
 
 
 
“Item” means a check, draft, money order or other 
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account. This 
includes any image of these instruments. This does not 
include an Access Check. 
• “Payment Card Network” means the network 
provider displayed on your Card. This may be Visa Inc., 
Mastercard International Incorporated, or any other 
network provider. 
• “Special Transfer” means a Transfer posted to a Credit 
Plan of your Account that is not a purchase or Cash 
Advance Credit Plan. 
• “Statement” means a document showing important 
Account information, including all transactions billed to 
your Account during a Billing Cycle and information about 
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement 
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”. 
 • “Transfers” means amounts transferred from other 
accounts to this Account and includes Balance Transfers 
and Special Transfers. 
•  “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that 
the federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z require for 
any Account. This includes your application and solicitation 
disclosures, Account opening disclosures, subsequent 
disclosures, Statements, and change in terms notices. 
© 2021 Capital One 
Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved. 
BR414370      M-133471 COF Customer Agreement 442

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for Williams Sonoma Key Rewards Card.pdf-255653.pdf ===

Credit Card Agreement for Williams Sonoma Key Rewards Card, Pottery Barn Key 
Rewards Card, West Elm Key Rewards Card, Key Rewards Card in Capital One, N.A.
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending on 
the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. Not all offers will contain introductory rates. The 
Customer Agreement contains important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. Please 
visit www.capitalone.com to view our online credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log in to your 
account if you would like to request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s).
Annual Percentage Rate
Annual Percentage Rate
(APR) for Purchases
31.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
How to Avoid Paying
Interest on Purchases
Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you 
interest on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due date 
each month.
For Credit Card Tips from
the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,  
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Fees
Annual Fee None.
Penalty Fees
• Late Payment Up to $40.
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See 
“How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below.
What Are My “Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other T
ruth-in-Lending Disclosures.
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD
How Do 
You Calculate My Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your Billing Cycle which begins in January, April, July and 
October: Purchase APR: Prime plus 23.74%. Any increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your 
Minimum Payment.
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Purchase APR is 
0.08559%. See “How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below.
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each Credit Plan, 1) take the beginning balance and add in new 
transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits for 
that Credit Plan as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each Credit Plan. However
, if you paid your previous month’s 
non-promotional balance in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which post to your purchase 
or special purchase Credit 
Plan are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a grace period are not added 
to the daily balances.
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance: 1) 
add the daily balances together for each Credit Plan, and 2) 
divide the sum by the 
number of days in the Billing Cycle.
At the end of each billing cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for that Credit Plan, and 2) multiply the result by the number of days in the billing 
period. We add the Interest Charges for all Credit Plans together. The result is your total Interest Charge for the Billing Cycle.
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum Interest Charge, this calculation may vary from the Interest Charge actually assessed.
© 2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www
.capitalone.com.
Capital One Customer Agreement
Welcome to Capital One
Thank you for opening a credit card account with us. 
This Customer Agreement, including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”), contains the terms of your agreement with 
Capital One.
Definitions
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in the 
Glossary section at the end of this Agreement.
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant and co-
applicant for the Account; any person responsible for paying 
the Account; and any person responsible for complying 
with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and “Capital One” 
mean Capital One, National Association; and its agents, 
authorized representatives, successors, and assignees.
Account Documents
The following documents govern your Account with us:
(1) this Agreement;
(2) all Statements;
(3) any privacy notices;
(4)  all disclosures and materials provided to you before or 
when you opened your Account;
(5)  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and
(6)  any future changes we make to any of the above.
Please read these carefully and keep them for  
future reference.
New Offers
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that we 
think may interest you. The terms of these offers may differ 
from the standard terms on your Account. This Agreement 
will still apply.
Account Information
We need information about you to manage your Account. 
This includes:
(1) your legal name;
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address  
(if different);
(3) your date of birth;
(4)  your Social Security number or other government 
identification number we accept;
(5)  your telephone number(s); and
(6) your employment and income information.
Y
ou must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. We 
may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify your 
information, or if you do not provide it as requested.
Credit Limit
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limit. This will also appear on your Statement. We may also 
refer to your credit limit as your credit line. 
You are responsible for keeping track of your balance and 
your available credit. You must manage your Account to 
remain below your credit limit. We may honor transactions 
above your credit limit, but if we do these transactions 
will not increase your credit limit. You are responsible for 
paying for any transaction you make above your credit limit.
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your 
credit limit at any time. This will not affect your obligation to 
pay us.
Using Your Account
(1)  This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card or Account. It will continue to apply even after your 
Account is closed, as long as you have a balance.
(2)  You must sign the Card immediately when you receive it.
(3)  You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to.
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card and Account.
(5)  We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account is not in default.
(6)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we do 
not authorize a transaction.
(7)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason.
(8)  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any illegal 
activity. You are responsible for any charges if you do.
(9)  We are not liable for any losses that may result when 
our services are unavailable due to reasons beyond  
our control.
(10)  You may use your Account for purchases at 
participating retail locations that accept the Card.
Promotional Credit Plans
From time to time, we may offer one or more promotional 
Credit Plans prior to, or at the time of, your purchase. 
Only certain purchases may be eligible for promotional 
Credit Plans. These Credit Plans may have special 
repayment terms and are conditioned on your timely 
payment of at least the required payment amount each 
Billing Cycle.
1. Waived Interest Charge — With this plan there are no 
Interest Charges on your purchase for a specified period.
2. Reduced Rate — With this plan, you will receive a 
reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) on your 
purchase for a specified period.
Authorized Users
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, they are 
an Authorized User. We may require certain information 
about them. We may limit their ability to use your Card. 
They may have access to certain information about your 
Account. You will be responsible for their use of the 
Account and anyone else they allow to use your Account, 
even if you did not want, or agree to, that use.
Removing an Authorized User
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. 
You will be responsible even if these amounts do not 
appear on your Account until later. Authorized Users may 
1
remove themselves from your Account upon request. We 
reserve the right to remove them from your Account for any 
reason. To remove them from your Account, we may close 
your existing Account and issue a new Card with a new 
Account number.
Your Promise to Pay
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes.
Statements
We will generally send, or make available to you, one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of each 
Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law may not 
require us to send, or make available to you, a Statement, 
or may prohibit us from doing so.
Disputed Transactions
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described in 
the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other 
Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify us of an 
error, we will assume that all information on the Statement 
is correct.
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also:
(1) 
 
 
 give us any information about the disputed transaction, 
if we ask;
(2)  not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the 
transaction amount from the merchant or any other 
person; and
(3) help us get reimbursement from others.
No Warranties
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement.
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without 
your permission, you must contact Customer Service 
immediately. You will not be responsible for transactions on 
your Account that we find are unauthorized.
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you will 
help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement from 
the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us documents in a 
form that we request.
Interest Charges and Fees
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
on any unpaid amount from the date of the transaction, date 
the transaction is processed or the first day of the Billing 
Cycle. However, we will not charge you interest on any 
new transactions posted to your Account if you pay your 
“New Balance” in full by the due date on your Statement 
each month. If you did not pay your “New Balance” in full 
when due for a Billing Cycle, interest will continue to accrue 
between the time that we calculate your “New Balance,” 
as reflected on your Statement, and when we receive your 
payment. This interest will post on your next Statement. 
That is why if you start accruing Interest Charges, you 
generally must pay your “New Balance” in full for two 
consecutive Billing Cycles before Interest Charges stop 
posting to your Statement. If you have a Waived Interest 
Charge or Reduced Rate Credit Plan balance, we will 
exclude that promotional plan balance from the amount you 
must pay in full to avoid Interest Charges. However, you 
must still pay the full non-promotional purchase Credit Plan 
balance displayed on your Statement each month, plus any 
minimum payment due appearing on your Statement.
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to your 
Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures provide 
for them. We may increase your Interest Charges and Fees 
as described in the Changes to Your Agreement section 
or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
Late Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive your 
payment as instructed on your Statement by the payment 
due date.
Minimum Payment
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount by 
the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you:
(1) 
 
 
the minimum payment due,
(2)
your new balance,
(3) the payment due date, and
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us for 
us to consider it received as of that date.
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce your 
Account balance, but they will not change your minimum 
payment amount. 
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay all or 
part of the total balance on your Account. But, you must 
still pay at least the minimum payment amount each month, 
even if you paid more than the minimum payment due on 
the previous Statement. We will continue to charge Interest 
Charges during Billing Cycles when you carry a balance 
regardless of whether your Statement includes a minimum 
payment that is due. If your Account is 180 days past due, 
is part of a bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged 
off, the total balance is immediately due and payable.
Making Payments
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not make 
payments with funds from your Account or any other credit 
account with us or any other company in the Capital One 
organization. You must send mailed payments to us as 
instructed on your Statement, unless we tell you otherwise.
Other Payment Services
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services.
2
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects a 
payment made using our payment services.
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we 
may provide that person with limited Account information 
necessary to set up and process that payment. We may 
also refuse to accept that payment. If we do accept it, you 
will be responsible for that payment even if a financial 
institution rejects it.
Payment Processing
We may accept and process payments without losing any 
of our rights. We may delay the availability of credit until we 
confirm that your payment has cleared. This may happen 
even if we credit your payment to your Account. We may 
resubmit and collect returned payments electronically. If 
necessary, we may adjust your Account to correct errors, 
process returned and reversed payments, and handle 
similar issues.
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize 
us to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your 
deposit account. You also authorize us to process the 
payment as an Item. We may withdraw the funds from 
your deposit account as early as the same day we receive 
your payment. You will not receive your Item back from 
your bank. We will provide additional information about this 
process on your Statement.
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended.
How We Apply Your Payments
Your Account may have Credit Plans with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). If your Account has Credit 
Plan balances with different APRs, here is how we apply 
payments in a Billing Cycle:
(1) 
 
 W
e generally apply credits and payments up to your 
minimum payment first to the balance with the lowest 
APR, and then to balances with higher APRs.
(2)  W
e apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest APR, 
and then to balances with lower APRs.
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions,  
or Instructions
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, conditions, 
limitations, or special instructions to:
Capital One  
P.O. Box 1330
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar language. 
This also includes all accompanying communications.
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process it 
without losing any of our rights.
Credit Balances
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance.
Account Default
You will be in default if:
(1)  you do not make any payment when it is due;
(2) 
 any payment you make is rejected, not paid or cannot 
be processed;
(3) 
 you exceed your credit limit;
(4) 
 you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding;
(5) 
 you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity;
(6) 
 we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us;
(7) 
 you do not comply with any term of this Agreement or 
any other agreement with us; or
(8) 
 you permanently reside outside the United States.
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice:
(1) 
 charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on your 
Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures;
(2)  close or suspend your Account;
(3)  lower your credit limit(s);
(4) 
 demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account;
(5) 
 continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or
(6)  file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts.
Communications
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account.
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone number 
(including a mobile telephone number that you provide us), 
and use an automated telephone dialing system or similar 
device to do so. You agree that we may monitor or record 
any conversation or other communication with you.
Credit Reports
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, or 
other defaults on your Account may be reflected in your 
credit report. Information we provide may appear on your 
and the Authorized Users’ credit reports.
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate information 
about your Account to a credit bureau or other consumer 
reporting agency, notify us in writing at Attn: Credit Bureau 
Disputes, Capital One, P.O. Box 31293, Salt Lake City, 
UT 84131-1293. When you write, tell us the specific 
information that you believe is incorrect and why you 
believe it is incorrect.
3
We may obtain and use credit, income and other 
information about you from credit bureaus and others as 
the law allows.
Closing or Suspending Your Account
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close 
your Account.
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default.
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close or 
permanently suspend your Account, you must return or 
destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts you 
owe on the Account.
Changes to Your Agreement
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing so. 
We will give you notice of any changes as required by law. 
We may notify you of changes on your Statement or in a 
separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and how the 
changes will take effect. The notice will describe any rights 
you have in connection with the changes.
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as 
the index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase your 
APRs for any other reason, or if we change your Fees or 
other terms of your Account, we will notify you as required 
by law.
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part of 
this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts will 
remain in effect.
Waiver
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose not 
to take any action for any reason. We may waive our right 
without notifying you. For example, we may waive your 
Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and without 
losing our right to charge them in the future.
Assignment
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of your 
and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, assign 
or transfer your Account or this Agreement to someone else 
without our written permission.
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior notice 
to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our place under 
this Agreement. You must pay them and perform all of your 
obligations to them and not us. If you pay us after we notify 
you that we have transferred your Account or this Agreement, 
we can return the payment to you, forward the payment to the 
assignee, or handle it in another way that is reasonable.
Glossary
• “Account” means your Card Account with us.
•  “Authorized User” means a person who may use the
Card
, but is not responsible for the repayment of the
Account.
•  “Billing 
Cycle” means the period of time reflected
on a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is
approximately 30 days. You will have a Billing Cycle
even if a Statement is not required. We will often specify
a Billing Cycle by the month in which its closing date
occurs. For example, a “March Billing Cycle” will have a
closing date in March. We may also refer to a Billing Cycle
as a “Billing Period”. If your Account balance has charged
off, we may switch to quarterly Billing Cycles for your
Account.
•
 “Card” means any Pottery Barn, W
est Elm, Williams
Sonoma, or Key Rewards credit card associated with your
Account. This includes all renewals and substitutions. It
also means any other access device for your Account we
give you that allows you to obtain credit, including any
Account number.
•
 “Credit 
Plans” mean the different parts of your Account
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, pricing,
or other terms. The sum of your Credit Plan balances
equals your total Account balance.
•
 “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account
 not
based on the Annual Percentage Rates.
•  “Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates.
•  “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account
. This
includes any image of these instruments. This does not
include an Access Check.
•
 “Statement” means a document showing important
Account
 information, including all transactions billed to
your Account during a Billing Cycle and information about
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”.
•
 “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures
that the federal 
Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z
require for any Account. This includes your application
and solicitation disclosures, Account opening disclosures,
subsequent disclosures, Statements, and change in terms
notices.
4
© 2021 Capital One
Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved.
BR414371 M-133472 4     COF Customer Agreement 443

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / Credit Card Agreement for Williams Sonoma Key Rewards Visa.pdf-255649.pdf ===

Credit Card Agreement for Williams Sonoma Key Rewards Visa, Pottery Barn Key 
Rewards Visa, West Elm Key Rewards Visa, Key Rewards Visa in Capital One, N.A. 
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending on 
the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. Not all offers will contain introductory rates. The 
Customer Agreement contains important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. Please 
visit 
www.capitalone.com to view our online credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log in to your 
account if you would like to request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s). 
Annual Percentage Rate 
Annual Percentage Rate 
(APR) for Purchases
29.24%. 
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
APR for Transfers 29.24%. 
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
APR for Cash Advances 29.24%. 
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
Paying Interest Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest 
on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due date each 
month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and transfers on the transaction date. 
For Credit Card Tips from 
the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau 
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,  
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at 
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. 
Fees 
Annual Fee None. 
Transaction Fees 
• Transfer 3% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR 
that we may offer you. 
None for balances transferred at the Balance Transfer APR.  
• Cash Advance Either $3 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. 
Penalty Fees 
• Late Payment Up to $40. 
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See 
“How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section. 
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD 
How Do You Calculate My Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your Billing Cycle which begins in January, April, July and 
October: Purchase APR: Prime plus 21.74%; Transfer APR: Prime plus 21.74%; Cash Advance APR: Prime plus 21.74%. Any 
increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your Minimum Payment. 
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Purchase APR is 0.08011%, 
Transfer APR is 0.08011%, and Cash Advance APR is 0.08011%. See “
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section. 
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). Under 
this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each Credit Plan, we, 
1) take the beginning balance and add in new transactions 
and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits for that Credit Plan as of 
that day. The result is the daily balance for each Credit Plan. However, if you paid your previous month’s non-promotional purchases 
balance in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which post to your purchase or special purchase 
Credit Plans are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a grace period are not added to the daily balances. 
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance: 1) add the daily balances together for each Credit Plan, and 2) divide the sum by the 
number of days in the Billing Cycle. 
At the end of each Billing Cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for each Credit Plan, and 2) multiply the result by the number of days in the billing 
period. We add the Interest Charges for all Credit Plans together. The result is your total Interest Charge for the Billing Cycle. 
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum Interest Charge, this calculation may vary from the Interest Charge actually assessed. 
©2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www.capitalone.com.
Capital One Customer Agreement 
Welcome to Capital One 
This Customer Agreement, including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”), contains the terms of your agreement with 
Capital One. 
Definitions 
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in the 
Glossary section at the end of this Agreement. 
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant and co-
applicant for the Account; any person responsible for paying 
the Account; and any person responsible for complying 
with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and “Capital One” 
mean Capital One, National Association; and its agents, 
authorized representatives, successors, and assignees. 
“Williams Sonoma Retailers” means Williams Sonoma, 
Pottery Barn, Pottery Barn Kids, Pottery Barn Teen, West 
Elm, or Mark & Graham retail locations operating within 
the United States, online websites or telephone order 
centers. “Williams Sonoma brand Visa” means Williams 
Sonoma Key Rewards Visa, Pottery Barn Key Rewards 
Visa, West Elm Key Rewards Visa or Key Rewards Visa. If 
your Williams Sonoma brand Visa is accepted in Williams 
Sonoma retailers operating outside the United States, these 
will be considered non-Williams Sonoma purchases. 
Account Documents 
The following documents govern your Account with us: 
(1)  
 
 
this Agreement; 
(2) all Statements; 
(3) any privacy notices; 
(4)  your Card benefits brochure which describes benefits 
provided by the Payment Card Network for your Account; 
(5) 
 
 
 all disclosures and materials provided to you before or 
when you opened your Account; 
(6)  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and 
(7)  any future changes we make to any of the above. 
Please read these carefully and keep them for  
future reference. 
New Offers 
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that we 
think may interest you. The terms of these offers may differ 
from the standard terms on your Account. This Agreement 
will still apply. 
Account Information 
We need information about you to manage your Account. 
This includes: 
((1) your legal name; 
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address  
(if different); 
(3) your date of birth; 
(4)  your Social Security number or other government 
identification number we accept; 
(5)  your telephone number(s); and 
(6) your employment and income information. 
You must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. We 
may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify your 
information, or if you do not provide it as requested. 
Credit Limits 
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limits. These will also appear on your Statement. We 
may also refer to your credit limits as your credit lines. 
We may give you different credit limits for different types 
of transactions or for the different Credit Plans of your 
Account. For example, you may have different credit limits 
for purchases and Cash Advances. 
You are responsible for keeping track of your Credit Plan 
balances and your available credit. You must manage your 
Account to remain below your credit limits. We may honor 
transactions above your credit limits, but if we do these 
transactions will not increase your credit limit. You are 
responsible for paying for any transaction you make above 
your credit limits. 
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your 
credit limit on any Credit Plan at any time. This will not 
affect your obligation to pay us. 
Using Your Account 
(1)  This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card or Account. It will continue to apply even after your 
Account is closed, as long as you have a balance. 
(2)  You must sign the Card immediately when you receive it. 
(3)  You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to. 
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card, Access Checks  
and Account. 
(5)  We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account is not in default. 
(6)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we do 
not authorize a transaction. 
(7)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason. 
(8)  Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable Credit Plan of your 
Account. We will apply it against your available credit for 
that Credit Plan. 
(9)  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any illegal 
activity. You are responsible for any charges if you do. 
(10)   We are not liable for any losses that may result when 
our services are unavailable due to reasons beyond 
our control. 
(11)  You may use your Account for purchases anywhere 
Visa is accepted, and you may obtain Cash Advances 
and Transfers as permitted for your Account. You may 
not use these to pay any amount you owe us or any 
other company in the Capital One organization. 
Rewards 
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to earn 
rewards. If it does, we will separately provide you with 
information and terms about the rewards. 
Promotional Credit Plans 
From time to time, we may offer one or more promotional 
Credit Plans prior to, or at the time of, your purchase. Only 
certain purchases may be eligible for promotional Credit 
Plans. These Credit Plans may have special repayment 
1
terms and are conditioned on your timely payment of at 
least the required payment amount each Billing Cycle. 
1. Waived Interest Charge — With this offer there  
are no Interest Charges on your purchases for a 
specified period. 
2. Reduced Rate — With this offer, you will receive 
a reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) on your 
purchase for a specified period. 
Using a PIN 
We may give you a personal identification number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card. 
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it 
to anyone, or keep it with your Card. If you lose your 
Card or believe the confidentiality of your PIN has been 
compromised for any reason, you must contact Customer 
Service immediately. 
Authorized Users 
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, they are 
an Authorized User. We may require certain information 
about them. We may limit their ability to use your Card. 
They may have access to certain information about your 
Account. You will be responsible for their use of the 
Account and anyone else they allow to use your Account, 
even if you did not want, or agree to, that use. 
Removing an Authorized User 
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. 
You will be responsible even if these amounts do not 
appear on your Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number. 
Your Promise to Pay 
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes. 
Statements 
We will generally send, or make available to you, one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of each 
Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law may not 
require us to send, or make available to you, a Statement, 
or may prohibit us from doing so. 
Disputed Transactions 
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described in 
the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other 
Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify us of an 
error, we will assume that all information on the Statement 
is correct. 
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also: 
(1)  give us any information about the disputed transaction, 
if we ask; 
(2)  not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the transaction 
amount from the merchant or any other person; and 
(3)  help us get reimbursement from others. 
No Warranties 
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement. 
Lost or Stolen Card 
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without 
your permission, you must contact Customer Service 
immediately. You will not be responsible for transactions on 
your Account that we find are unauthorized. 
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you will 
help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement from 
the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us documents in a 
form that we request. 
Interest Charges and Fees 
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
on any unpaid amount from the date of the transaction, date 
the transaction is processed or the first day of the Billing 
Cycle. However, we will not charge you interest on any new 
transactions posted to the purchase Credit Plan of your 
Account if you pay your “New Balance” in full by the due 
date on your Statement each month. If you did not pay your 
“New Balance” in full when due for a Billing Cycle, interest 
will continue to accrue between the time that we calculate 
your “New Balance,” as reflected on your Statement, and 
when we receive your payment. This interest will post 
on your next Statement. That is why if you start accruing 
Interest Charges, you generally must pay your “New 
Balance” in full for two consecutive Billing Cycles before 
Interest Charges stop posting to your Statement. Please 
note, however, that Interest Charges will begin accruing 
immediately for any Cash Advances and other transactions 
that do not post to the purchase Credit Plan. 
From time to time, we may offer Transfers or promotional 
purchase financing that do allow you to pay less than 
the statement “New Balance” and still avoid interest on 
any new transactions that post to the standard purchase 
balance. However, in these cases you must pay in full 
transactions that are posted to the standard purchase 
balance and any Cash Advance balance, plus at least the 
minimum payment amount for all other balances on the 
account by the due date each month. We may also display 
an interest saver payment amount on your statement, if 
applicable, for your convenience. 
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to your 
Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures provide 
2
for them. We may increase your Interest Charges and Fees 
as described in the Changes to Your Agreement section 
or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
Late Payment Fee 
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive your 
payment as instructed on your Statement by the payment 
due date. 
Minimum Payment 
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount by 
the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you: 
(1) the minimum payment due, 
(2) your new balance, 
(3) the payment due date, and 
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us for 
us to consider it received as of that date. 
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce your 
Account balance, but they will not change your minimum 
payment amount. 
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay all or 
part of the total balance on your Account. But, you must 
still pay at least the minimum payment amount each month, 
even if you paid more than the minimum payment due on 
the previous Statement. We will continue to charge Interest 
Charges during Billing Cycles when you carry a balance 
regardless of whether your Statement includes a minimum 
payment that is due. If your Account is 180 days past due, 
is part of a bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged 
off, the total balance is immediately due and payable. 
Making Payments 
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not make 
payments with funds from your Account or any other credit 
account with us or any other company in the Capital One 
organization. You must send mailed payments to us as 
instructed on your Statement, unless we tell you otherwise. 
Other Payment Services 
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services. 
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects a 
payment made using our payment services. 
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we 
may provide that person with limited Account information 
necessary to set up and process that payment. We may 
also refuse to accept that payment. If we do accept it, you 
will be responsible for that payment even if a financial 
institution rejects it. 
Payment Processing 
We may accept and process payments without losing any 
of our rights. We may delay the availability of credit until we 
confirm that your payment has cleared. This may happen 
even if we credit your payment to your Account. We may 
resubmit and collect returned payments electronically. If 
necessary, we may adjust your Account to correct errors, 
process returned and reversed payments, and handle 
similar issues. 
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize 
us to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your 
deposit account. You also authorize us to process the 
payment as an Item. We may withdraw the funds from 
your deposit account as early as the same day we receive 
your payment. You will not receive your Item back from 
your bank. We will provide additional information about this 
process on your Statement. 
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended. 
How We Apply Your Payments 
Your Account may have Credit Plans with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). For example, purchases may 
have a lower APR than Cash Advances. If your Account 
has Credit Plan balances with different APRs, here is how 
we apply payments in a Billing Cycle: 
(1)  We generally apply credits and payments up to your 
minimum payment first to the balance with the lowest 
APR, and then to balances with higher APRs. 
(2)  We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest APR, 
and then to balances with lower APRs. 
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions,  
or Instructions 
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, conditions, 
limitations, or special instructions to: 
Capital One  
P.O. Box 1330 
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330 
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications. 
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process it 
without losing any of our rights. 
Credit Balances 
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance. 
Account Default 
You will be in default if: 
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due; 
(2)  any payment you make is rejected, not paid or cannot 
be processed; 
(3) you exceed a credit limit; 
(4)  you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding; 
(5)  you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity;
3
(6)  we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us; 
(7)  you do not comply with any term of this Agreement or 
any other agreement with us; or 
(8)  you permanently reside outside the United States. 
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice: 
(1)  charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on 
your Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures; 
(2)  close or suspend your Account; 
(3)  lower your credit limit(s); 
(4)  demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account; 
(5)  continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or 
(6)  file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts. 
Communications 
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account. 
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone 
number (including a mobile telephone number that you 
provide us), and use an automated telephone dialing 
system or similar device to do so. You agree that we may 
monitor or record any conversation or other communication 
with you. 
Credit Reports 
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, or 
other defaults on your Account may be reflected in your 
credit report. Information we provide may appear on your 
and the Authorized Users’ credit reports. 
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate information 
about your Account to a credit bureau or other consumer 
reporting agency, notify us in writing at Capital One, 
P.O. 
Box
 
 31293, Salt Lake City, UT 84131-1293. When you 
write, tell us the specific information that you believe is 
incorrect and why you believe it is incorrect. 
We may obtain and use credit, income and other 
information about you from credit bureaus and others as 
the law allows. 
Closing or Suspending Your Account 
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close  
your Account. 
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default. 
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close or 
permanently suspend your Account, you must return or 
destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts you 
owe on the Account. 
Changes to Your Agreement 
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing so. 
We will give you notice of any changes as required by law. 
We may notify you of changes on your Statement or in a 
separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and how the 
changes will take effect. The notice will describe any rights 
you have in connection with the changes. 
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as the 
index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase your APRs 
for any other reason, or if we change your Fees or other 
terms of your Account, we will notify you as required by law. 
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement 
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part of 
this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts will 
remain in effect. 
Waiver 
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose not 
to take any action for any reason. We may waive our right 
without notifying you. For example, we may waive your 
Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and without 
losing our right to charge them in the future. 
Assignment 
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of your 
and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, assign 
or transfer your Account or this Agreement to someone else 
without our written permission. 
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior notice 
to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our place under 
this Agreement. You must pay them and perform all of your 
obligations to them and not us. If you pay us after we notify 
you that we have transferred your Account or this Agreement, 
we can return the payment to you, forward the payment to the 
assignee, or handle it in another way that is reasonable. 
Access Checks 
We may provide you with Access Checks. If we do, we will 
tell you at the time if we consider them purchases, Cash 
Advances or Special Transfers. 
Only the person we designate may use Access Checks. 
You may not use them to pay any amount you owe us or 
any other company in the Capital One organization. We 
may reject and not pay any Access Check if: 
(1)  your Account is past due, charged off, bankrupt, lost/ 
stolen or closed; 
(2) we suspect fraud; 
(3) your Account is over the credit limit; or 
(4)  the check has expired, is damaged or cannot otherwise 
be processed. 
Our liability if we do not pay an Access Check will never be 
more than 
(1) your actual damages or (2) the amount of the 
Access Check, whichever is less. 
Use of an Access Check is not the same as using your 
Card. When you use an Access Check, you will have fewer 
rights to dispute merchant transactions than with uses 
of your Card. Please see the “Billing Rights Summary” 
on your Statement and your other Truth-in- Lending 
Disclosures for more information.
4
5
Stopping Payment of Access Checks 
You may request a stop payment on any Access Check 
by contacting Customer Service. 
We will have a reasonable amount of time after your 
stop payment request to research and complete the stop 
payment. We will not be responsible if we cannot complete 
the stop payment. Reasons include: 
(1) the Access Check was already paid; 
(2) you do not give us the information we asked for; or 
(3) the information you gave us was incorrect. 
We do not have to release the stop payment order unless 
the account holder who made the request asks us to. 
If we re-credit your Account after a valid stop payment 
order, you give us all of your rights against the payee or 
other holder of the paid Access Check. You also agree to 
help us in any legal action we may later take against the 
payee or other holder of the check. 
Cash Advance Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time you take out a 
Cash Advance. We will treat this Fee as a Cash Advance 
transaction. 
Transfer Fee 
We may charge you this Fee each time you make a 
Transfer. We will charge the Fee to the same Credit Plan 
where we post the Transfer. 
Transactions Made in Foreign Currencies 
If you make a transaction in a foreign currency, the 
Payment Card Network will convert it into a U.S. dollar 
amount. The Payment Card Network will use its own 
currency conversion procedures. The conversion rate 
in effect on the processing date may differ from the rate 
in effect on the transaction date that appears on your 
Statement. We do not adjust the currency exchange rate or 
charge any currency conversion Fees. 
Glossary 
•  
 
 
“Access Check” means any check we send to you to 
access credit from your Account. We may also refer to 
an Access Check as a “convenience check” or a 
“purchase check”. 
• “Account” means your Card Account with us. 
• “Authorized User” means a person who may use 
the Card, but is not responsible for the repayment of 
the Account. 
• “Balance Transfer” means an amount posted to the 
Balance Transfer Credit Plan of your Account unless 
otherwise described in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. 
•  
 
 
“Billing Cycle” means the period of time reflected 
on a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is 
approximately 30 days. You will have a Billing Cycle even if 
a Statement is not required. We will often specify a Billing 
Cycle by the month in which its closing date occurs. For 
example, a “March Billing Cycle” will have a closing date 
in March. We may also refer to a Billing Cycle as a “Billing 
Period”. If your Account balance has charged off, we may 
switch to quarterly Billing Cycles for your Account. 
• “Card” means any Pottery Barn, West Elm, Williams 
Sonoma, or Key Rewards credit card associated with your 
Account. This includes all renewals and substitutions. It 
also means any other access device for your Account we 
give you that allows you to obtain credit, including any 
Account number. 
• “Cash Advance” means a loan in cash or things we 
consider cash equivalents, including wire transfers, 
travelers’ checks, money orders, foreign currency, 
lottery tickets, gaming chips, and wagers. We post Cash 
Advances to the Cash Advance Credit Plan of your 
Account and not to your purchase Credit Plan. 
•  
 
 
“Credit Plans” mean the different parts of your Account 
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, pricing, 
or other terms. These may be individual purchases, or 
they may be combined balance types such as Balance 
Transfers and Cash Advances which are under same 
terms. The sum of your Credit Plan balances equals your 
total Account balance. 
• “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not 
based on the Annual Percentage Rates. 
• “Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account 
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates. 
•  
 
 
 
“Item” means a check, draft, money order or other 
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account. This 
includes any image of these instruments. This does not 
include an Access Check. 
• “Payment Card Network” means the network 
provider displayed on your Card. This may be Visa Inc., 
Mastercard International Incorporated, or any other 
network provider. 
• “Special Transfer” means a Transfer posted to a Credit 
Plan of your Account that is not a purchase or Cash 
Advance Credit Plan. 
• “Statement” means a document showing important 
Account information, including all transactions billed to 
your Account during a Billing Cycle and information about 
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement 
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”. 
 • “Transfers” means amounts transferred from other 
accounts to this Account and includes Balance Transfers 
and Special Transfers. 
•  “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that 
the federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z require for 
any Account. This includes your application and solicitation 
disclosures, Account opening disclosures, subsequent 
disclosures, Statements, and change in terms notices. 
© 2021 Capital One 
Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved. 
BR414370      M-133471 COF Customer Agreement 442

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / credit-card-agreement-for-williams-sonoma-key-rewards-visa-pottery-barn-key-rewards-visa-west-elm-key-rewards-visa-key-rewards-visa-in-capital-one-na-255646.pdf ===

Credit Card Agreement for Williams Sonoma Key Rewards Visa, Pottery Barn Key 
Rewards Visa, West Elm Key Rewards Visa, Key Rewards Visa in Capital One, N.A.
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of June 30, 2022. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending on 
the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. Not all offers will contain introductory rates. The 
Customer Agreement contains important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. Please 
visit www.capitalone.com to view our online credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log in to your 
account if you would like to request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s).
Annual Percentage Rate
Annual Percentage Rate
(APR) for Purchases
26.49%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Transfers 26.49%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Cash Advances 26.49%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
Paying Interest Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest 
on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due date each 
month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and transfers on the transaction date.
For Credit Card Tips from
the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,  
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Fees
Annual Fee None.
Transaction Fees
•
 
 
T
ransfer 3% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR 
that we may offer you.
None for balances transferred at the Balance Transfer APR. 
• Cash Advance Either $10 or 4% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. 
Penalty Fees
• Late Payment Up to $40.
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See 
“How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section.
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD
How Do You Calculate My Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your Billing Cycle which begins in January, April, July and 
October: Purchase APR: Prime plus 21.74%; Transfer APR: Prime plus 21.74%; Cash Advance APR: Prime plus 21.74%. Any 
increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your Minimum Payment.
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Purchase APR is 0.07258%, 
Transfer APR is 0.07258%, and Cash Advance APR is 0.07258%. See “How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section.
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). Under
 
this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each Credit Plan, we, 1) 
take the beginning balance and add in new transactions 
and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) 
subtract any payments and credits for that Credit Plan as of 
that day. 
The result is the daily balance for each Credit Plan. However, if you paid your previous month’s non-promotional purchases 
balance in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which post to your purchase or special purchase 
Credit Plans are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a grace period are not added to the daily balances.
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance: 1) 
add the daily balances together for each Credit Plan, and 2) 
divide the sum by the 
number of days in the Billing Cycle.
At the end of each Billing Cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1)
 
multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for each Credit Plan, and 2) 
multiply the result by the number of days in the billing 
period. We add the Interest Charges for all Credit Plans together. 
The result is your total Interest Charge for the Billing Cycle.
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum Interest Charge, this calculation may vary from the Interest Charge actually assessed.
© 2022 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at .www
.capitalone.com
Capital One Customer Agreement
Welcome to Capital One
This Customer Agreement, including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”), contains the terms of your agreement with 
Capital One.
Definitions
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in the 
 section at the end of this Agreement.Glossary
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant and co-
applicant for the Account; any person responsible for paying 
the Account; and any person responsible for complying 
with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and “Capital One” 
mean Capital One, National Association; and its agents, 
authorized representatives, successors, and assignees. 
“Williams Sonoma Retailers” means Williams Sonoma, 
Pottery Barn, Pottery Barn Kids, Pottery Barn Teen, West 
Elm, or Mark & Graham retail locations operating within 
the United States, online websites or telephone order 
centers. “Williams Sonoma brand Visa” means Williams 
Sonoma Key Rewards Visa, Pottery Barn Key Rewards 
Visa, West Elm Key Rewards Visa or Key Rewards Visa. If 
your Williams Sonoma brand Visa is accepted in Williams 
Sonoma retailers operating outside the United States, these 
will be considered non-Williams Sonoma purchases.
Account Documents
The following documents govern your Account with us:
(1) 
 
 
 
 
 
this Agreement;
(2) all Statements;
(3) any privacy notices;
(4)  your Card benefits brochure which describes benefits 
provided by the Payment Card Network for your Account;
(5)  all disclosures and materials provided to you before or 
when you opened your Account;
(6)  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and
(7)  any future changes we make to any of the above.
Please read these carefully and keep them for 
 
future reference.
New Offers
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that we 
think may interest you. The terms of these offers may differ 
from the standard terms on your Account. This Agreement 
will still apply.
Account Information
We need information about you to manage your Account. 
This includes:
(1)(  your legal name;
(2) 
 
 
 
 
 a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address  
(if different);
(3) your date of birth;
(4)  your Social Security number or other government 
identification number we accept;
(5)  your telephone number(s); and
(6) your employment and income information.
You must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. We 
may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify your 
information, or if you do not provide it as requested.
Credit Limits
When you open your Account, we will tell you your credit 
limits. These will also appear on your Statement. We 
may also refer to your credit limits as your credit lines. 
We may give you different credit limits for different types 
of transactions or for the different Credit Plans of your 
Account. For example, you may have different credit limits 
for purchases and Cash Advances.
You are responsible for keeping track of your Credit Plan 
balances and your available credit. You must manage your 
Account to remain below your credit limits. We may honor 
transactions above your credit limits, but if we do these 
transactions will not increase your credit limit. You are 
responsible for paying for any transaction you make above 
your credit limits.
We may also increase, decrease, restrict or cancel your 
credit limit on any Credit Plan at any time. This will not 
affect your obligation to pay us.
Using Your Account
(1)  This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card or Account. It will continue to apply even after your 
Account is closed, as long as you have a balance.
(2)  You must sign the 
Card immediately when you receive it.
(3)
  You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to.
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card
, Access Checks  
and Account
.
(5) 
 We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. 
This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your credit limit or your 
Account is not in default.
(6)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we do 
not authorize a transaction.
(7) 
 We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card
 for any reason.
(8)  Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable Credit Plan of your 
Account
. We will apply it against your available credit for 
that Credit Plan.
(9)
  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any illegal 
activity
. You are responsible for any charges if you do.
(10) 
 
 We are not liable for any losses that may result when 
our services are unavailable due to reasons beyond 
our control.
(1
1)  You may use your 
Account for purchases anywhere 
Visa is accepted, and you may obtain Cash Advances 
and Transfers as permitted for your Account. Y
ou may 
not use these to pay any amount you owe us or any 
other company in the Capital One organization.
Rewards
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to earn 
rewards. If it does, we will separately provide you with 
information and terms about the rewards.
Promotional Credit Plans
From time to time, we may offer one or more promotional 
Credit Plans prior to, or at the time of, your purchase. Only 
certain purchases may be eligible for promotional Credit 
Plans. These Credit Plans may have special repayment 
1
terms and are conditioned on your timely payment of at 
least the required payment amount each Billing Cycle.
1. 
 
W
aived Interest Charge — With this offer there  
are no Interest Charges on your purchases for a 
specified period.
2. Reduced Rate — With this offer, you will receive 
a reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) on your 
purchase for a specified period.
Using a PIN
We may give you a personal identification number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card.
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it 
to anyone, or keep it with your Card. If you lose your 
Card or believe the confidentiality of your PIN has been 
compromised for any reason, you must contact Customer 
Service immediately. 
Authorized Users
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, they are 
an Authorized User. We may require certain information 
about them. We may limit their ability to use your Card. 
They may have access to certain information about your 
Account. You will be responsible for their use of the 
Account and anyone else they allow to use your Account, 
even if you did not want, or agree to, that use.
Removing an Authorized User
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. 
You will be responsible even if these amounts do not 
appear on your Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number.
Your Promise to Pay
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes.
Statements
We will generally send, or make available to you, one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of each 
Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law may not 
require us to send, or make available to you, a Statement, 
or may prohibit us from doing so.
Disputed Transactions
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us 
about any errors or questions you have, as described in 
the “Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other 
Truth-in-Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify us of an 
error, we will assume that all information on the Statement 
is correct.
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also:
(1)  give us any information about the disputed transaction, 
if we ask;
(2)  not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the transaction
 
amount from the merchant or any other person; and
(3)  help us get reimbursement from others.
No Warranties
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement.
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without 
your permission, you must contact Customer Service 
immediately. You will not be responsible for transactions on 
your Account that we find are unauthorized.
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you will 
help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement from 
the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us documents in a 
form that we request.
Interest Charges and Fees
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
on any unpaid amount from the date of the transaction, date 
the transaction is processed or the first day of the Billing 
Cycle. However, we will not charge you interest on any new 
transactions posted to the purchase Credit Plan of your 
Account if you pay your “New Balance” in full by the due 
date on your Statement each month. If you did not pay your 
“New Balance” in full when due for a Billing Cycle, interest 
will continue to accrue between the time that we calculate 
your “New Balance,” as reflected on your Statement, and 
when we receive your payment. This interest will post 
on your next Statement. That is why if you start accruing 
Interest Charges, you generally must pay your “New 
Balance” in full for two consecutive Billing Cycles before 
Interest Charges stop posting to your Statement. Please 
note, however, that Interest Charges will begin accruing 
immediately for any Cash Advances and other transactions 
that do not post to the purchase Credit Plan. 
From time to time, we may offer Transfers or promotional 
purchase financing that do allow you to pay less than 
the statement “New Balance” and still avoid interest on 
any new transactions that post to the standard purchase 
balance. However, in these cases you must pay in full 
transactions that are posted to the standard purchase 
balance and any Cash Advance balance, plus at least the 
minimum payment amount for all other balances on the 
account by the due date each month. We may also display 
an interest saver payment amount on your statement, if 
applicable, for your convenience.
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to your 
Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures provide 
2
for them. We may increase your Interest Charges and Fees 
as described in the  section 
or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
Changes to Your Agreement
Late Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive your 
payment as instructed on your Statement by the payment 
due date.
Minimum Payment
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount by 
the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you:
(1) 
 
 
 
the minimum payment due,
(2) your new balance,
(3) the payment due date, and
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us for 
us to consider it received as of that date.
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce your 
Account balance, but they will not change your minimum 
payment amount. 
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay all or 
part of the total balance on your Account. But, you must 
still pay at least the minimum payment amount each month, 
even if you paid more than the minimum payment due on 
the previous Statement. W
e will continue to charge Interest 
Charges during Billing Cycles when you carry a balance 
regardless of whether your Statement includes a minimum 
payment that is due. If your Account is 180 days past due, 
is part of a bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged 
off, the total balance is immediately due and payable.
Making Payments
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not make 
payments with funds from your Account or any other credit 
account with us or any other company in the Capital One 
organization. You must send mailed payments to us as 
instructed on your Statement, unless we tell you otherwise.
Other Payment Services
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services.
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects a 
payment made using our payment services.
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we 
may provide that person with limited Account information 
necessary to set up and process that payment. We may 
also refuse to accept that payment. If we do accept it, you 
will be responsible for that payment even if a financial 
institution rejects it.
Payment Processing
We may accept and process payments without losing any 
of our rights. We may delay the availability of credit until we 
confirm that your payment has cleared. This may happen 
even if we credit your payment to your Account. We may 
resubmit and collect returned payments electronically. If 
necessary, we may adjust your Account to correct errors, 
process returned and reversed payments, and handle 
similar issues.
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize 
us to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your 
deposit account. You also authorize us to process the 
payment as an Item. We may withdraw the funds from 
your deposit account as early as the same day we receive 
your payment. You will not receive your Item back from 
your bank. We will provide additional information about this 
process on your Statement.
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended.
How We Apply Your Payments
Your Account may have Credit Plans with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). For example, purchases may 
have a lower APR than Cash Advances. If your Account 
has Credit Plan balances with different APRs, here is how 
we apply payments in a Billing Cycle:
(1)  We generally apply credits and payments up to your 
minimum payment first to the balance with the lowest 
APR, and then to balances with higher APRs.
(2)  We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest 
APR, 
and then to balances with lower APRs.
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions,  
or Instructions
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, conditions, 
limitations, or special instructions to:
Capital One  
P.O. Box 1330
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications.
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process it 
without losing any of our rights.
Credit Balances
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance.
Account Default
You will be in default if:
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due;
(2)  any payment you make is rejected, not paid or cannot 
be processed;
(3) you exceed a credit limit;
(4)  you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding;
(5) 
 you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity;
3
(6)  we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us;
(7)  you do not comply with any term of this Agreement or 
any other agreement with us; or
(8)  you permanently reside outside the United States.
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your 
Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice:
(1) 
 charge you Fees, or change the 
APRs and Fees on 
your Account
, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures;
(2)  close or suspend your Account;
(3)  lower your credit limit(s);
(4)  demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account
;
(5)  continue to charge you Interest Charges and 
Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or
(6)
  file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts.
Communications
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account.
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone 
number (including a mobile telephone number that you 
provide us), and use an automated telephone dialing 
system or similar device to do so. You agree that we may 
monitor or record any conversation or other communication 
with you.
Credit Reports
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, or 
other defaults on your Account may be reflected in your 
credit report. Information we provide may appear on your 
and the Authorized Users’ credit reports.
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate information 
about your Account to a credit bureau or other consumer 
reporting agency, notify us in writing at Capital One, P.O. 
Box 31293, Salt Lake City, UT 84131-1293. When you 
write, tell us the specific information that you believe is 
incorrect and why you believe it is incorrect.
We may obtain and use credit, income and other 
information about you from credit bureaus and others as 
the law allows.
Closing or Suspending Your Account
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close  
your Account.
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default.
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close or 
permanently suspend your Account, you must return or 
destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts you 
owe on the Account.
Changes to Your Agreement
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing so. 
We will give you notice of any changes as required by law. 
We may notify you of changes on your Statement or in a 
separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and how the 
changes will take effect. The notice will describe any rights 
you have in connection with the changes.
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as the 
index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase your APRs 
for any other reason, or if we change your Fees or other 
terms of your Account, we will notify you as required by law.
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part of 
this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts will 
remain in effect.
Waiver
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose not 
to take any action for any reason. We may waive our right 
without notifying you. For example, we may waive your 
Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and without 
losing our right to charge them in the future.
Assignment
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of your 
and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, assign 
or transfer your Account or this Agreement to someone else 
without our written permission.
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior notice 
to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our place under 
this Agreement. You must pay them and perform all of your 
obligations to them and not us. If you pay us after we notify 
you that we have transferred your Account or this Agreement, 
we can return the payment to you, forward the payment to the 
assignee, or handle it in another way that is reasonable.
Access Checks
We may provide you with Access Checks. If we do, we will 
tell you at the time if we consider them purchases, Cash 
Advances or Special Transfers.
Only the person we designate may use Access Checks. 
You may not use them to pay any amount you owe us or 
any other company in the Capital One organization. We 
may reject and not pay any Access Check if:
(1)  your Account is past due, charged off, bankrupt, lost/
stolen or closed;
(2)
 
 
 
we suspect fraud;
(3) your 
Account is over the credit limit; or
(4)  the check has expired, is damaged or cannot otherwise 
be processed.
Our liability if we do not pay an Access Check
 will never be 
more than (1) 
your actual damages or (2) 
the amount of the 
Access Check, whichever is less.
Use of an Access Check is not the same as using your 
Card. When you use an 
Access Check, you will have fewer 
rights to dispute merchant transactions than with uses 
of your 
Card. Please see the “Billing Rights Summary” 
on your Statement and your other Truth-in- Lending 
Disclosures for more information.
4
5    
Stopping Payment of Access Checks
You may request a stop payment on any Access Check
by contacting Customer Service.
We will have a reasonable amount of time after your 
stop payment request to research and complete the stop 
payment. We will not be responsible if we cannot complete 
the stop payment. Reasons include:
(1)
 
 
 
the 
Access Check was already paid;
(2) you do not give us the information we asked for; or
(3) the information you gave us was incorrect.
We do not have to release the stop payment order unless 
the account holder who made the request asks us to.
If we re-credit your Account after a valid stop payment 
order, you give us all of your rights against the payee or 
other holder of the paid Access Check. You also agree to 
help us in any legal action we may later take against the 
payee or other holder of the check.
Cash Advance Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you take out a 
Cash Advance. We will treat this Fee as a Cash Advance 
transaction.
Transfer Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you make a 
Transfer. We will charge the Fee to the same Credit Plan 
where we post the Transfer.
Transactions Made in Foreign Currencies
If you make a transaction in a foreign currency, the 
Payment Card Network will convert it into a U.S. dollar 
amount. The Payment Card Network will use its own 
currency conversion procedures. The conversion rate 
in effect on the processing date may differ from the rate 
in effect on the transaction date that appears on your 
Statement. We do not adjust the currency exchange rate or 
charge any currency conversion Fees.
Glossary
•  “Access Check” means any check we send to you to 
access credit from your Account. We may also refer to  
an Access Check as a “convenience check” or a 
“purchase check”.
• “Account”
 means your Card Account with us.
•  “Authorized User” means a person who may use  
the Card, but is not responsible for the repayment of  
the Account.
•  “Balance T
ransfer” means an amount posted to the 
Balance Transfer Credit Plan of your Account unless 
otherwise described in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
•  “Billing Cycle” means the period of time reflected
 
on a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is 
approximately 30 days. You will have a Billing Cycle even if
 
a Statement is not required. We will often specify a Billing 
Cycle by the month in which its closing date occurs. For 
example, a “March Billing Cycle” will have a closing date 
in March. We may also refer to a Billing Cycle as a “Billing 
Period”. If your Account balance has charged off, we may 
switch to quarterly Billing Cycles for your Account.
•  “Card” means any Pottery Barn, West Elm, Williams 
Sonoma, or Key Rewards credit card associated with your 
Account. This includes all renewals and substitutions. It 
also means any other access device for your Account we 
give you that allows you to obtain credit, including any 
Account number.
•  “Cash Advance” means a loan in cash or things we 
consider cash equivalents, including wire transfers, 
travelers’
 checks, money orders, foreign currency, 
lottery tickets, gaming chips, and wagers. We post Cash 
Advances to the Cash Advance Credit Plan of your 
Account and not to your purchase Credit Plan.
•
  “Credit Plans” mean the different parts of your Account 
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, pricing, 
or other terms. These may be individual purchases, or 
they may be combined balance types such as Balance 
Transfers and Cash Advances which are under same 
terms. The sum of your Credit Plan 
balances equals your 
total Account balance.
•  “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not 
based on the Annual Percentage Rates.
•  “Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account 
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates.
•  “Item”
 means a check, draft, money order or other 
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account. This 
includes any image of these instruments. This does not 
include an Access Check.
•
  “Payment Card Network” means the network 
provider displayed on your Card. This may be V
isa Inc., 
Mastercard International Incorporated, or any other 
network provider.
•  “Special Transfer”
 means a Transfer posted to a Credit 
Plan of your Account that is not a purchase or Cash 
Advance Credit Plan. 
•  “Statement” means a document showing important 
Account
 information, including all transactions billed to 
your Account during a Billing Cycle and information about 
what you must pay. We may also refer to your Statement
 
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”.
•  “Transfers” means amounts transferred from other 
accounts to this Account and includes Balance Transfers 
and Special Transfers.
•
  “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that 
the federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z require for 
any Account. This includes your application and solicitation
 
disclosures, Account opening disclosures, subsequent 
disclosures, Statements, and change in terms notices.
© 2021 Capital One
Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved.
BR414370  M-133471 COF Customer Agreement 442

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / REI Co-Op Mastercard Card Agreement-322429.pdf ===

Credit Card Agreement for REI Co-op Mastercard® Cards in Capital One, N.A.
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending 
on the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. Not all offers will contain introductory rates. 
The Customer Agreement contains important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. 
Please visit www.capitalone.com to view our online credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log 
in to your account if you would like to request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s).
Annual Percentage Rate
Annual Percentage Rate
(APR) for Purchases
18.24% - 29.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Balance 
Transfers
18.24% - 29.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Cash Advances 29.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
Paying Interest Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest 
on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due date each 
month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and transfers on the transaction date.
For Credit Card Tips from
the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,  
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Fees
Annual Fee None.
Transaction Fees
• Balance Transfer 3% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR 
that we may offer you.
None for balances transferred at the Balance Transfer APR.
• Cash Advance Either $3 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Penalty Fees
• Late Payment Up to $40.
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See 
“How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below
 .
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in “Your Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other 
Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD
How Do You Calculate My Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your Billing Cycle which begins in January, April, July and 
October: Purchase APR: Prime plus 10.74% - 21.74%; Balance Transfer APR: Prime plus 10.74% - 21.74%; Cash Advance APR: 
Prime plus 21.74%. Any increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your Minimum Payment.
What 
Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest?
 The daily periodic rate for your Purchase APR is 
0.04997% - 0.08011%; Balance Transfer APR is 0.04997% - 0.08011%; and Cash Advance APR is 0.08011%. See the “How 
Do Y
ou Calculate The Interest Charge?” section.
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?
 We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each Credit Plan, we 1) take the beginning balance and add in 
new transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 
2) 
subtract any payments and credits 
for that Credit Plan as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each Credit Plan. However, if you paid your previous 
month’s nonpromotional purchases balance in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which 
post to your purchase or special purchase Credit Plans are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a 
grace period are not added to the daily balances.
Next, to find your 
Average Daily Balance we 1) 
add the daily balances together for each Credit Plan, and 2) divide the sum by 
the number of days in the Billing Cycle.
At the end of each Billing Cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for each Credit Plan and 2) 
multiply the result by the number of days in the billing 
period. We add the Interest Charges for all Credit Plans together. The result is your total Interest Charge for the Billing Cycle.
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, this calculation may vary from the interest charge actually assessed.
©2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www.capitalone.com.
1
Capital One Customer Agreement
Welcome to Capital One
This Customer Agreement, including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”), contains the terms of your agreement with 
Capital One.
Definitions
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in the 
Glossary section at the end of this Agreement.
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant and co-
applicant for the Account; any person responsible for paying 
the Account; and any person responsible for complying 
with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and “Capital One” 
mean Capital One, National Association; and its agents, 
authorized representatives, successors, and assignees. 
Account Documents
The following documents govern your Account with us:
(1) this Agreement;
(2) all Statements;
(3) any privacy notices;
(4)  your Card benefits brochure which describes benefits 
provided by the Payment Card Network for your 
Account;
(5) 
 all disclosures and materials provided to you before or 
when you opened your Account;
(6)  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account
, including those provided online; and
(7) 
 any future changes we make to any of the above.
Please read these carefully and keep them for  
future reference.
New Offers
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that we 
think may interest you. The terms of these offers may differ 
from the standard terms on your Account. This Agreement 
will still apply.
Account Information
We need information about you to manage your Account. 
This includes:
(1) your legal name;
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address  
(if different);
(3) your date of birth;
(4) 
 your Social Security number or other government 
identification number;
(5)  your telephone number(s); and
(6)
 your employment and income information.
You must tell us when this information changes. W
e may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. We 
may restrict or close your 
Account if we cannot verify your 
information, or if you do not provide it as requested.
Your Revolving Credit Line and Spending
We will tell you your initial revolving credit line when you 
open your Account. We may increase or decrease your 
revolving credit line at any time without prior notice to you, 
unless notice is required by law, and we may limit or take 
away the credit available for Cash Advances. You can find 
your current revolving credit line on your Statement. We 
may not authorize transactions in excess of your revolving 
credit line. We may consider each transaction that may 
cause you to exceed your revolving credit line based 
on several factors, including your performance on this 
Account and other credit accounts you have with us and 
your performance with other creditors. If we do authorize 
transactions in excess of your revolving credit line, they 
will be subject to this Agreement. They will not result in an 
increase of your revolving credit line.
Using Your Account
(1)  This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card or Account
. It will continue to apply even after your 
Account is closed, as long as you have a balance.
(2)  You must sign the Card immediately when you receive it.
(3)  You must return the 
Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to.
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card
, Access Checks  
and 
Account.
(5)  We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your revolving credit line or 
your Account
 is not in default.
(6) 
 We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we do 
not authorize a transaction.
(7)  W
e are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason.
(8)  Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable Credit Plan of your 
Account
. We will apply it against your available credit for 
that Credit Plan.
(9)
  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any illegal 
activity. 
You are responsible for any charges if you do.
(10) 
 We are not liable for any losses that may result when 
our services are unavailable due to reasons beyond 
our control.
(11)  Y
ou may use your Account for purchases anywhere 
Mastercard is accepted, and you may obtain Cash 
Advances and Transfers as permitted for your 
Account. 
You may not use these to pay any amount you owe us 
or any other company in the Capital One organization.
Rewards
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to earn 
rewards. If it does, information and terms about the rewards 
will be provided separately. 
Promotional Credit Plans
From time to time, we may offer one or more promotional 
Credit Plans prior to, or at the time of, your purchase. Only 
certain purchases may be eligible for promotional Credit 
Plans. These Credit Plans may have special repayment 
terms and are conditioned on your timely payment of at 
least the required payment amount each Billing Cycle.
1. Waived Interest Charge — With this offer there  
are no Interest Charges on your purchases for a 
specified period.
2. Reduced Rate — With this offer, you will receive 
a reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) on your 
purchase for a specified period.
Using a PIN
We may give you a personal identification number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card.
2
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it to anyone, 
or keep it with your Card. If you lose your Card or believe the 
confidentiality of your PIN has been compromised for any 
reason, you must contact Customer Service immediately. 
Authorized Users
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, they are 
an Authorized User. We may require certain information 
about them. We may limit their ability to use your Card. 
They may have access to certain information about your 
Account. You will be responsible for their use of the 
Account and anyone else they allow to use your Account, 
even if you did not want, or agree to, that use.
Removing an Authorized User
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. 
You will be responsible even if these amounts do not 
appear on your Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number.
Your Promise to Pay
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes.
Statements
We will generally send, or make available to you, one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of each 
Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law may not 
require us to send, or make available to you, a Statement, 
or may prohibit us from doing so.
Disputed Transactions
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us about 
any errors or questions you have, as described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify us of an error, we 
will assume that all information on the Statement is correct.
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also:
(1)  give us any information about the disputed transaction, 
if we ask;
(2) 
 not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the transaction 
amount from the merchant or any other person; and
(3) 
 help us get reimbursement from others.
No Warranties
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement.
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without 
your permission, you must contact Customer Service 
immediately. You will not be responsible for transactions on 
your Account that we find are unauthorized.
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you will 
help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement from 
the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us documents in a 
form that we request.
Interest Charges and Fees
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
on any unpaid amount from the date of the transaction, date 
the transaction is processed or the first day of the Billing 
Cycle. However, we will not charge you interest on any new 
transactions posted to the purchase Credit Plan of your 
Account if you pay your “New Balance” in full by the due 
date on your Statement each month. If you did not pay your 
“New Balance” in full when due for a Billing Cycle, interest 
will continue to accrue between the time that we calculate 
your “New Balance,” as reflected on your Statement, and 
when we receive your payment. This interest will post 
on your next Statement. That is why if you start accruing 
Interest Charges, you generally must pay your “New 
Balance” in full for two consecutive Billing Cycles before 
Interest Charges stop posting to your Statement. Please 
note, however, that Interest Charges will begin accruing 
immediately for any Cash Advances and other transactions 
that do not post to the purchase Credit Plan. 
From time to time, we may offer Transfers or promotional 
purchase financing that do allow you to pay less than 
the statement “New Balance” and still avoid interest on 
any new transactions that post to the standard purchase 
balance. However, in these cases you must pay in full 
transactions that are posted to the standard purchase 
balance and any Cash Advance balance or Balance 
Transfer balances, plus any minimum payment due 
appearing on your Statement. We may also display an 
interest saver payment amount on your statement, if 
applicable, for your convenience.
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to your 
Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures provide 
for them. We may increase your Interest Charges and Fees 
as described in the Changes to Your Agreement section 
or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
Late Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive your 
payment as instructed on your Statement by the payment 
due date.
Minimum Payment
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount by 
the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you:
(1) the minimum payment due,
(2) your new balance,
(3) the payment due date, and
3
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us for 
us to consider it received as of that date.
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce your 
Account balance, but they will not change your minimum 
payment amount. 
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay all or 
part of the total balance on your Account
. But, you must 
still pay at least the minimum payment amount each month, 
even if you paid more than the minimum payment due on 
the previous Statement. We will continue to charge Interest 
Charges during Billing Cycles when you carry a balance 
regardless of whether your Statement includes a minimum 
payment that is due. If your Account is 180 days past due, 
is part of a bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged 
off, the total balance is immediately due and payable.
Making Payments
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not make 
payments with funds from your Account or any other credit 
account with us or any other company in the Capital One 
organization. You must send mailed payments to us as 
instructed on your Statement, unless we tell you otherwise.
Other Payment Services
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services.
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects a 
payment made using our payment services.
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we 
may provide that person with limited Account information 
necessary to set up and process that payment. We may 
also refuse to accept that payment. If we do accept it, you 
will be responsible for that payment even if a financial 
institution rejects it.
Payment Processing
We may accept and process payments without losing any 
of our rights. We may delay the availability of credit until we 
confirm that your payment has cleared. This may happen 
even if we credit your payment to your Account. We may 
resubmit and collect returned payments electronically. If 
necessary, we may adjust your Account to correct errors, 
process returned and reversed payments, and handle 
similar issues.
When you send us an Item
 as payment, you authorize us to 
make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your deposit 
account. You also authorize us to process the payment as an 
Item. We may withdraw the funds from your deposit account 
as early as the same day we receive your payment. You will 
not receive your Item back from your bank. We will provide 
additional information about this process on your Statement.
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended.
How We Apply Your Payments
Your Account may have Credit Plans with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). For example, purchases may 
have a lower APR than Cash Advances. If your Account 
has Credit Plan balances with different APRs, here is how 
we apply payments in a Billing Cycle:
(1)  We generally apply credits and payments up to your 
minimum payment first to the balance with the lowest 
APR, and then to balances with higher APRs.
(2)  We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest APR, 
and then to balances with lower 
APRs.
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions,  
or Instructions
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, conditions, 
limitations, or special instructions to:
Capital One  
P.O. Box 1330
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications.
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process it 
without losing any of our rights.
Credit Balances
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance.
Account Default
You will be in default if:
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due;
(2)  any payment you make is rejected, not paid or cannot 
be processed;
(3) 
 you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding;
(4) 
 you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity;
(5) 
 we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us;
(6) 
 you do not comply with any term of this Agreement or 
any other agreement with us;
(7) 
 you permanently reside outside the United States; or
(8) your REI Co-op membership is canceled.
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your 
Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice:
(1)
  charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on 
your Account, if provided in your T
ruth-in-Lending 
Disclosures;
(2)  close or suspend your Account;
(3)
  lower your revolving credit line;
4
(4)  demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account;
(5)  continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or
(6) 
 file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts.
Communications
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account.
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone number 
(including a mobile telephone number that you provide us), 
and use an automated telephone dialing system or similar 
device to do so. You agree that we may monitor or record 
any conversation or other communication with you.
Credit Reports
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, or 
other defaults on your Account may be reflected in your 
credit report. Information we provide may appear on your 
and the Authorized Users’ credit reports.
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate information 
about your Account to a credit bureau or other consumer 
reporting agency, notify us in writing at Capital One, P.O. 
Box 31293, Salt Lake City, UT 84131-1293. When you 
write, tell us the specific information that you believe is 
incorrect and why you believe it is incorrect.
We may obtain and use credit, income and other information 
about you from credit bureaus and others as the law allows.
Closing or Suspending Your Account
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close  
your Account.
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default.
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close or 
permanently suspend your Account, you must return or 
destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts you 
owe on the Account.
Changes to Your Agreement
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing so. 
We will give you notice of any changes as required by law. 
We may notify you of changes on your Statement or in a 
separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and how the 
changes will take effect. The notice will describe any rights 
you have in connection with the changes.
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as the 
index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase your APRs 
for any other reason, or if we change your Fees or other 
terms of your Account, we will notify you as required by law.
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part of 
this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts will 
remain in effect.
Waiver
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose not 
to take any action for any reason. We may waive our right 
without notifying you. For example, we may waive your 
Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and without 
losing our right to charge them in the future.
Assignment
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of your 
and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, assign 
or transfer your Account or this Agreement to someone else 
without our written permission.
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior notice 
to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our place under 
this Agreement. You must pay them and perform all of your 
obligations to them and not us. If you pay us after we notify 
you that we have transferred your Account or this Agreement, 
we can return the payment to you, forward the payment to the 
assignee, or handle it in another way that is reasonable.
Access Checks
We may provide you with Access Checks. If we do, we will 
tell you at the time if we consider them purchases, Cash 
Advances or Special Transfers.
Only the person we designate may use Access Checks. 
You may not use them to pay any amount you owe us or 
any other company in the Capital One organization. We 
may reject and not pay any Access Check if:
(1)  your Account is past due, charged off, bankrupt, lost/
stolen or closed;
(2) we suspect fraud;
(3) your Account
 is over the revolving credit line; or
(4)  the check has expired, is damaged or cannot otherwise 
be processed.
Our liability if we do not pay an Access Check will never be 
more than (1) your actual damages or (2) the amount of the 
Access Check, whichever is less.
Use of an Access Check is not the same as using your 
Card
. When you use an Access Check
, you will have fewer 
rights to dispute merchant transactions than with uses 
of your Card. Please see the “Billing Rights Summary” 
on your Statement and your other Truth-in- Lending 
Disclosures for more information.
Stopping Payment of Access Checks
You may request a stop payment on any Access Check
by contacting Customer Service.
We will have a reasonable amount of time after your 
stop payment request to research and complete the stop 
payment. We will not be responsible if we cannot complete 
the stop payment. Reasons include:
(1) the Access Check was already paid;
(2) you do not give us the information we asked for; or
(3) the information you gave us was incorrect.
We do not have to release the stop payment order unless 
the account holder who made the request asks us to.
If we re-credit your Account after a valid stop payment 
order, you give us all of your rights against the payee or 
other holder of the paid Access Check. You also agree to 
help us in any legal action we may later take against the 
payee or other holder of the check.
5
Cash Advance Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you take out a 
Cash Advance. We will treat this Fee as a Cash Advance 
transaction.
Transfer Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you make a 
Transfer. We will charge the Fee to the same Credit Plan 
where we post the Transfer.
Transactions Made in Foreign Currencies
If you make a transaction in a foreign currency, the 
Payment Card Network will convert it into a U.S. dollar 
amount. The Payment Card Network will use its own 
currency conversion procedures. The conversion rate 
in effect on the processing date may differ from the rate 
in effect on the transaction date that appears on your 
Statement. We do not adjust the currency exchange rate or 
charge any currency conversion Fees.
Glossary
•  “Access Check” means any check we send to you to 
access credit from your Account. We may also refer to  
an Access Check as a “convenience check” or a 
“purchase check”.
• 
“Account” means your Card Account with us.
•  “Authorized User” means a person who may use  
the Card, but is not responsible for the repayment of  
the Account.
• 
 “Balance Transfer” means a Transfer posted to the 
purchase Credit Plan of your Account unless otherwise 
described in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures
•  
“Billing Cycle” means the period of time reflected 
on a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is 
approximately 30 days. Y
ou will have a Billing Cycle even if 
a Statement is not required. We will often specify a Billing 
Cycle by the month in which its closing date occurs. For 
example, a “March Billing Cycle” will have a closing date 
in March. We may also refer to a Billing Cycle as a “Billing 
Period”. If your Account balance has charged off, we may 
switch to quarterly Billing Cycles for your Account.
•  “Card” means any Capital One credit card associated 
with your Account. This includes all renewals and 
substitutions. It also means any other access device for 
your Account we give you that allows you to obtain credit, 
including any Account
 number.
•  “Cash Advance” means a loan in cash or things we 
consider cash equivalents, including wire transfers, 
travelers’ checks, money orders, foreign currency, 
lottery tickets, gaming chips, and wagers. We post Cash 
Advances to the Cash 
Advance Credit Plan of your 
Account and not to your purchase Credit Plan.
•  “Credit Plans” mean the different parts of your Account 
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, pricing, 
or other terms. These may be individual purchases, or 
they may be combined balance types such as Balance 
Transfers and Cash Advances which are under same 
terms. The sum of your 
Credit Plan balances equals your 
total Account balance.
•  “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not 
based on the Annual Percentage Rates.
•  “Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account 
based on the application of 
Annual Percentage Rates.
•  “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other 
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account
. This 
includes any image of these instruments. This does not 
include an Access Check.
•  “Payment Card Network” means the network 
provider displayed on your Card. 
This may be Visa Inc., 
Mastercard International Incorporated, or any other 
network provider
.
• 
 “Special Transfer” means a Transfer posted to a Credit 
Plan of your Account that is not a purchase or Cash 
Advance Credit Plan. 
• 
 “Statement” means a document showing important 
Account information, including all transactions billed to 
your Account during a Billing Cycle and information about 
what you must pay. W
e may also refer to your Statement 
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”.
•  “Transfers” means amounts transferred from other 
accounts to this Account and includes Balance Transfers 
and Special T
ransfers.
•  “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that 
the federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z require for 
any Account
. This includes your application and solicitation 
disclosures, Account opening disclosures, subsequent 
disclosures, Statements, and change in terms notices.
© 2022 Capital One
Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved.
BR417372      M-135146 COF Customer Agreement 449

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / REI Co-Op Mastercard Card Agreement-322429_106882000000AbIlAAK.pdf ===

Credit Card Agreement for REI Co-op Mastercard® Cards in Capital One, N.A.
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending 
on the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. Not all offers will contain introductory rates. 
The Customer Agreement contains important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. 
Please visit www.capitalone.com to view our online credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log 
in to your account if you would like to request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s).
Annual Percentage Rate
Annual Percentage Rate
(APR) for Purchases
18.24% - 29.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Balance 
Transfers
18.24% - 29.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Cash Advances 29.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
Paying Interest Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest 
on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due date each 
month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and transfers on the transaction date.
For Credit Card Tips from
the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,  
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Fees
Annual Fee None.
Transaction Fees
• Balance Transfer 3% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR 
that we may offer you.
None for balances transferred at the Balance Transfer APR.
• Cash Advance Either $3 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Penalty Fees
• Late Payment Up to $40.
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See 
“How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below
 .
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in “Your Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other 
Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD
How Do You Calculate My Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your Billing Cycle which begins in January, April, July and 
October: Purchase APR: Prime plus 10.74% - 21.74%; Balance Transfer APR: Prime plus 10.74% - 21.74%; Cash Advance APR: 
Prime plus 21.74%. Any increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your Minimum Payment.
What 
Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest?
 The daily periodic rate for your Purchase APR is 
0.04997% - 0.08011%; Balance Transfer APR is 0.04997% - 0.08011%; and Cash Advance APR is 0.08011%. See the “How 
Do Y
ou Calculate The Interest Charge?” section.
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?
 We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each Credit Plan, we 1) take the beginning balance and add in 
new transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 
2) 
subtract any payments and credits 
for that Credit Plan as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each Credit Plan. However, if you paid your previous 
month’s nonpromotional purchases balance in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which 
post to your purchase or special purchase Credit Plans are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a 
grace period are not added to the daily balances.
Next, to find your 
Average Daily Balance we 1) 
add the daily balances together for each Credit Plan, and 2) divide the sum by 
the number of days in the Billing Cycle.
At the end of each Billing Cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for each Credit Plan and 2) 
multiply the result by the number of days in the billing 
period. We add the Interest Charges for all Credit Plans together. The result is your total Interest Charge for the Billing Cycle.
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, this calculation may vary from the interest charge actually assessed.
©2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www.capitalone.com.
1
Capital One Customer Agreement
Welcome to Capital One
This Customer Agreement, including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”), contains the terms of your agreement with 
Capital One.
Definitions
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in the 
Glossary section at the end of this Agreement.
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant and co-
applicant for the Account; any person responsible for paying 
the Account; and any person responsible for complying 
with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and “Capital One” 
mean Capital One, National Association; and its agents, 
authorized representatives, successors, and assignees. 
Account Documents
The following documents govern your Account with us:
(1) this Agreement;
(2) all Statements;
(3) any privacy notices;
(4)  your Card benefits brochure which describes benefits 
provided by the Payment Card Network for your 
Account;
(5) 
 all disclosures and materials provided to you before or 
when you opened your Account;
(6)  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account
, including those provided online; and
(7) 
 any future changes we make to any of the above.
Please read these carefully and keep them for  
future reference.
New Offers
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that we 
think may interest you. The terms of these offers may differ 
from the standard terms on your Account. This Agreement 
will still apply.
Account Information
We need information about you to manage your Account. 
This includes:
(1) your legal name;
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address  
(if different);
(3) your date of birth;
(4) 
 your Social Security number or other government 
identification number;
(5)  your telephone number(s); and
(6)
 your employment and income information.
You must tell us when this information changes. W
e may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. We 
may restrict or close your 
Account if we cannot verify your 
information, or if you do not provide it as requested.
Your Revolving Credit Line and Spending
We will tell you your initial revolving credit line when you 
open your Account. We may increase or decrease your 
revolving credit line at any time without prior notice to you, 
unless notice is required by law, and we may limit or take 
away the credit available for Cash Advances. You can find 
your current revolving credit line on your Statement. We 
may not authorize transactions in excess of your revolving 
credit line. We may consider each transaction that may 
cause you to exceed your revolving credit line based 
on several factors, including your performance on this 
Account and other credit accounts you have with us and 
your performance with other creditors. If we do authorize 
transactions in excess of your revolving credit line, they 
will be subject to this Agreement. They will not result in an 
increase of your revolving credit line.
Using Your Account
(1)  This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card or Account
. It will continue to apply even after your 
Account is closed, as long as you have a balance.
(2)  You must sign the Card immediately when you receive it.
(3)  You must return the 
Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to.
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card
, Access Checks  
and 
Account.
(5)  We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your revolving credit line or 
your Account
 is not in default.
(6) 
 We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we do 
not authorize a transaction.
(7)  W
e are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason.
(8)  Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable Credit Plan of your 
Account
. We will apply it against your available credit for 
that Credit Plan.
(9)
  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any illegal 
activity. 
You are responsible for any charges if you do.
(10) 
 We are not liable for any losses that may result when 
our services are unavailable due to reasons beyond 
our control.
(11)  Y
ou may use your Account for purchases anywhere 
Mastercard is accepted, and you may obtain Cash 
Advances and Transfers as permitted for your 
Account. 
You may not use these to pay any amount you owe us 
or any other company in the Capital One organization.
Rewards
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to earn 
rewards. If it does, information and terms about the rewards 
will be provided separately. 
Promotional Credit Plans
From time to time, we may offer one or more promotional 
Credit Plans prior to, or at the time of, your purchase. Only 
certain purchases may be eligible for promotional Credit 
Plans. These Credit Plans may have special repayment 
terms and are conditioned on your timely payment of at 
least the required payment amount each Billing Cycle.
1. Waived Interest Charge — With this offer there  
are no Interest Charges on your purchases for a 
specified period.
2. Reduced Rate — With this offer, you will receive 
a reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) on your 
purchase for a specified period.
Using a PIN
We may give you a personal identification number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card.
2
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it to anyone, 
or keep it with your Card. If you lose your Card or believe the 
confidentiality of your PIN has been compromised for any 
reason, you must contact Customer Service immediately. 
Authorized Users
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, they are 
an Authorized User. We may require certain information 
about them. We may limit their ability to use your Card. 
They may have access to certain information about your 
Account. You will be responsible for their use of the 
Account and anyone else they allow to use your Account, 
even if you did not want, or agree to, that use.
Removing an Authorized User
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. 
You will be responsible even if these amounts do not 
appear on your Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number.
Your Promise to Pay
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes.
Statements
We will generally send, or make available to you, one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of each 
Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law may not 
require us to send, or make available to you, a Statement, 
or may prohibit us from doing so.
Disputed Transactions
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us about 
any errors or questions you have, as described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify us of an error, we 
will assume that all information on the Statement is correct.
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also:
(1)  give us any information about the disputed transaction, 
if we ask;
(2) 
 not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the transaction 
amount from the merchant or any other person; and
(3) 
 help us get reimbursement from others.
No Warranties
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement.
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without 
your permission, you must contact Customer Service 
immediately. You will not be responsible for transactions on 
your Account that we find are unauthorized.
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you will 
help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement from 
the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us documents in a 
form that we request.
Interest Charges and Fees
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
on any unpaid amount from the date of the transaction, date 
the transaction is processed or the first day of the Billing 
Cycle. However, we will not charge you interest on any new 
transactions posted to the purchase Credit Plan of your 
Account if you pay your “New Balance” in full by the due 
date on your Statement each month. If you did not pay your 
“New Balance” in full when due for a Billing Cycle, interest 
will continue to accrue between the time that we calculate 
your “New Balance,” as reflected on your Statement, and 
when we receive your payment. This interest will post 
on your next Statement. That is why if you start accruing 
Interest Charges, you generally must pay your “New 
Balance” in full for two consecutive Billing Cycles before 
Interest Charges stop posting to your Statement. Please 
note, however, that Interest Charges will begin accruing 
immediately for any Cash Advances and other transactions 
that do not post to the purchase Credit Plan. 
From time to time, we may offer Transfers or promotional 
purchase financing that do allow you to pay less than 
the statement “New Balance” and still avoid interest on 
any new transactions that post to the standard purchase 
balance. However, in these cases you must pay in full 
transactions that are posted to the standard purchase 
balance and any Cash Advance balance or Balance 
Transfer balances, plus any minimum payment due 
appearing on your Statement. We may also display an 
interest saver payment amount on your statement, if 
applicable, for your convenience.
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to your 
Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures provide 
for them. We may increase your Interest Charges and Fees 
as described in the Changes to Your Agreement section 
or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
Late Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive your 
payment as instructed on your Statement by the payment 
due date.
Minimum Payment
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount by 
the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you:
(1) the minimum payment due,
(2) your new balance,
(3) the payment due date, and
3
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us for 
us to consider it received as of that date.
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce your 
Account balance, but they will not change your minimum 
payment amount. 
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay all or 
part of the total balance on your Account
. But, you must 
still pay at least the minimum payment amount each month, 
even if you paid more than the minimum payment due on 
the previous Statement. We will continue to charge Interest 
Charges during Billing Cycles when you carry a balance 
regardless of whether your Statement includes a minimum 
payment that is due. If your Account is 180 days past due, 
is part of a bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged 
off, the total balance is immediately due and payable.
Making Payments
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not make 
payments with funds from your Account or any other credit 
account with us or any other company in the Capital One 
organization. You must send mailed payments to us as 
instructed on your Statement, unless we tell you otherwise.
Other Payment Services
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services.
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects a 
payment made using our payment services.
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we 
may provide that person with limited Account information 
necessary to set up and process that payment. We may 
also refuse to accept that payment. If we do accept it, you 
will be responsible for that payment even if a financial 
institution rejects it.
Payment Processing
We may accept and process payments without losing any 
of our rights. We may delay the availability of credit until we 
confirm that your payment has cleared. This may happen 
even if we credit your payment to your Account. We may 
resubmit and collect returned payments electronically. If 
necessary, we may adjust your Account to correct errors, 
process returned and reversed payments, and handle 
similar issues.
When you send us an Item
 as payment, you authorize us to 
make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your deposit 
account. You also authorize us to process the payment as an 
Item. We may withdraw the funds from your deposit account 
as early as the same day we receive your payment. You will 
not receive your Item back from your bank. We will provide 
additional information about this process on your Statement.
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended.
How We Apply Your Payments
Your Account may have Credit Plans with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). For example, purchases may 
have a lower APR than Cash Advances. If your Account 
has Credit Plan balances with different APRs, here is how 
we apply payments in a Billing Cycle:
(1)  We generally apply credits and payments up to your 
minimum payment first to the balance with the lowest 
APR, and then to balances with higher APRs.
(2)  We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest APR, 
and then to balances with lower 
APRs.
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions,  
or Instructions
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, conditions, 
limitations, or special instructions to:
Capital One  
P.O. Box 1330
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications.
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process it 
without losing any of our rights.
Credit Balances
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance.
Account Default
You will be in default if:
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due;
(2)  any payment you make is rejected, not paid or cannot 
be processed;
(3) 
 you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding;
(4) 
 you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity;
(5) 
 we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us;
(6) 
 you do not comply with any term of this Agreement or 
any other agreement with us;
(7) 
 you permanently reside outside the United States; or
(8) your REI Co-op membership is canceled.
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your 
Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice:
(1)
  charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on 
your Account, if provided in your T
ruth-in-Lending 
Disclosures;
(2)  close or suspend your Account;
(3)
  lower your revolving credit line;
4
(4)  demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account;
(5)  continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or
(6) 
 file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts.
Communications
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account.
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone number 
(including a mobile telephone number that you provide us), 
and use an automated telephone dialing system or similar 
device to do so. You agree that we may monitor or record 
any conversation or other communication with you.
Credit Reports
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, or 
other defaults on your Account may be reflected in your 
credit report. Information we provide may appear on your 
and the Authorized Users’ credit reports.
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate information 
about your Account to a credit bureau or other consumer 
reporting agency, notify us in writing at Capital One, P.O. 
Box 31293, Salt Lake City, UT 84131-1293. When you 
write, tell us the specific information that you believe is 
incorrect and why you believe it is incorrect.
We may obtain and use credit, income and other information 
about you from credit bureaus and others as the law allows.
Closing or Suspending Your Account
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close  
your Account.
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default.
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close or 
permanently suspend your Account, you must return or 
destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts you 
owe on the Account.
Changes to Your Agreement
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing so. 
We will give you notice of any changes as required by law. 
We may notify you of changes on your Statement or in a 
separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and how the 
changes will take effect. The notice will describe any rights 
you have in connection with the changes.
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as the 
index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase your APRs 
for any other reason, or if we change your Fees or other 
terms of your Account, we will notify you as required by law.
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part of 
this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts will 
remain in effect.
Waiver
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose not 
to take any action for any reason. We may waive our right 
without notifying you. For example, we may waive your 
Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and without 
losing our right to charge them in the future.
Assignment
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of your 
and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, assign 
or transfer your Account or this Agreement to someone else 
without our written permission.
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior notice 
to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our place under 
this Agreement. You must pay them and perform all of your 
obligations to them and not us. If you pay us after we notify 
you that we have transferred your Account or this Agreement, 
we can return the payment to you, forward the payment to the 
assignee, or handle it in another way that is reasonable.
Access Checks
We may provide you with Access Checks. If we do, we will 
tell you at the time if we consider them purchases, Cash 
Advances or Special Transfers.
Only the person we designate may use Access Checks. 
You may not use them to pay any amount you owe us or 
any other company in the Capital One organization. We 
may reject and not pay any Access Check if:
(1)  your Account is past due, charged off, bankrupt, lost/
stolen or closed;
(2) we suspect fraud;
(3) your Account
 is over the revolving credit line; or
(4)  the check has expired, is damaged or cannot otherwise 
be processed.
Our liability if we do not pay an Access Check will never be 
more than (1) your actual damages or (2) the amount of the 
Access Check, whichever is less.
Use of an Access Check is not the same as using your 
Card
. When you use an Access Check
, you will have fewer 
rights to dispute merchant transactions than with uses 
of your Card. Please see the “Billing Rights Summary” 
on your Statement and your other Truth-in- Lending 
Disclosures for more information.
Stopping Payment of Access Checks
You may request a stop payment on any Access Check
by contacting Customer Service.
We will have a reasonable amount of time after your 
stop payment request to research and complete the stop 
payment. We will not be responsible if we cannot complete 
the stop payment. Reasons include:
(1) the Access Check was already paid;
(2) you do not give us the information we asked for; or
(3) the information you gave us was incorrect.
We do not have to release the stop payment order unless 
the account holder who made the request asks us to.
If we re-credit your Account after a valid stop payment 
order, you give us all of your rights against the payee or 
other holder of the paid Access Check. You also agree to 
help us in any legal action we may later take against the 
payee or other holder of the check.
5
Cash Advance Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you take out a 
Cash Advance. We will treat this Fee as a Cash Advance 
transaction.
Transfer Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you make a 
Transfer. We will charge the Fee to the same Credit Plan 
where we post the Transfer.
Transactions Made in Foreign Currencies
If you make a transaction in a foreign currency, the 
Payment Card Network will convert it into a U.S. dollar 
amount. The Payment Card Network will use its own 
currency conversion procedures. The conversion rate 
in effect on the processing date may differ from the rate 
in effect on the transaction date that appears on your 
Statement. We do not adjust the currency exchange rate or 
charge any currency conversion Fees.
Glossary
•  “Access Check” means any check we send to you to 
access credit from your Account. We may also refer to  
an Access Check as a “convenience check” or a 
“purchase check”.
• 
“Account” means your Card Account with us.
•  “Authorized User” means a person who may use  
the Card, but is not responsible for the repayment of  
the Account.
• 
 “Balance Transfer” means a Transfer posted to the 
purchase Credit Plan of your Account unless otherwise 
described in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures
•  
“Billing Cycle” means the period of time reflected 
on a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is 
approximately 30 days. Y
ou will have a Billing Cycle even if 
a Statement is not required. We will often specify a Billing 
Cycle by the month in which its closing date occurs. For 
example, a “March Billing Cycle” will have a closing date 
in March. We may also refer to a Billing Cycle as a “Billing 
Period”. If your Account balance has charged off, we may 
switch to quarterly Billing Cycles for your Account.
•  “Card” means any Capital One credit card associated 
with your Account. This includes all renewals and 
substitutions. It also means any other access device for 
your Account we give you that allows you to obtain credit, 
including any Account
 number.
•  “Cash Advance” means a loan in cash or things we 
consider cash equivalents, including wire transfers, 
travelers’ checks, money orders, foreign currency, 
lottery tickets, gaming chips, and wagers. We post Cash 
Advances to the Cash 
Advance Credit Plan of your 
Account and not to your purchase Credit Plan.
•  “Credit Plans” mean the different parts of your Account 
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, pricing, 
or other terms. These may be individual purchases, or 
they may be combined balance types such as Balance 
Transfers and Cash Advances which are under same 
terms. The sum of your 
Credit Plan balances equals your 
total Account balance.
•  “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not 
based on the Annual Percentage Rates.
•  “Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account 
based on the application of 
Annual Percentage Rates.
•  “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other 
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account
. This 
includes any image of these instruments. This does not 
include an Access Check.
•  “Payment Card Network” means the network 
provider displayed on your Card. 
This may be Visa Inc., 
Mastercard International Incorporated, or any other 
network provider
.
• 
 “Special Transfer” means a Transfer posted to a Credit 
Plan of your Account that is not a purchase or Cash 
Advance Credit Plan. 
• 
 “Statement” means a document showing important 
Account information, including all transactions billed to 
your Account during a Billing Cycle and information about 
what you must pay. W
e may also refer to your Statement 
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”.
•  “Transfers” means amounts transferred from other 
accounts to this Account and includes Balance Transfers 
and Special T
ransfers.
•  “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that 
the federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z require for 
any Account
. This includes your application and solicitation 
disclosures, Account opening disclosures, subsequent 
disclosures, Statements, and change in terms notices.
© 2022 Capital One
Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved.
BR417372      M-135146 COF Customer Agreement 449

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / REI Co-Op Mastercard Card Agreement-322429_206882000000UsNEAA0.pdf ===

Credit Card Agreement for REI Co-op Mastercard® Cards in Capital One, N.A.
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of June 30, 2023. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending on 
the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. Not all offers will contain introductory rates. The 
Customer Agreement contains important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. Please 
visit www.capitalone.com to view our online credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log in to 
your account if you would like to request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s).
Annual Percentage Rate
Annual Percentage Rate
(APR) for Purchases
18.74% - 29.74%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Balance 
Transfers
18.74% - 29.74%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Cash Advances 29.74%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
Paying Interest Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest 
on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due date each
 
month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and transfers on the transaction date.
For Credit Card Tips from
the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, 
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Fees
Annual Fee None.
Transaction Fees
• Balance Transfer 3% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR 
that we may offer you.
None for balances transferred at the Balance Transfer APR.
• Cash Advance Either $3 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Penalty Fees
• Late Payment Up to $40.
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See 
“How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below.
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in “Your Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD
How Do You Calculate My V
ariable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. W
e calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your Billing Cycle which begins in January, April, July and 
October: Purchase APR: Prime plus 10.74% - 21.74%; Balance Transfer APR: Prime plus 10.74% - 21.74%; Cash Advance APR: 
Prime plus 21.74%. Any increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your Minimum Payment.
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Purchase APR is 
0.05134% -0.08148%; Balance Transfer APR is 0.05134% -0.08148%; and Cash Advance APR is 0.08148%. See the “  How
Do Y
ou Calculate The Interest Charge?” section.
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge? W
e use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each Credit Plan, we 
1) take the beginning balance and add in 
new transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits 
for that Credit Plan as of that day
. The result is the daily balance for each Credit Plan. However, if you paid your previous 
month’s nonpromotional purchases balance in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which 
post to your purchase or special purchase Credit Plans are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a 
grace period are not added to the daily balances.
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance we 1) add the daily balances together for each Credit Plan, and 2) divide the sum by 
the number of days in the Billing Cycle.
At the end of each Billing Cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 
1) multiply your A
verage Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for each Credit Plan and 2) 
multiply the result by the number of days in the billing 
period. We add the Interest Charges for all Credit Plans together. The result is your total Interest Charge for the Billing Cycle.
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, this calculation may vary from the interest charge actually assessed.
©2023 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services offered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www
.capitalone.com.
1
Capital One Customer Agreement
Welcome to Capital One
This Customer Agreement, including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”), contains the terms of your agreement with 
Capital One.
Definitions
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in the 
Glossary section at the end of this Agreement.
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant and co-
applicant for the Account; any person responsible for paying 
the Account; and any person responsible for complying 
with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and “Capital One” 
mean Capital One, National Association; and its agents, 
authorized representatives, successors, and assignees. 
Account Documents
The following documents govern your Account with us:
(1) this Agreement;
(2) all Statements;
(3) any privacy notices;
(4)  your Card benefits brochure which describes benefits 
provided by the Payment Card Network for your 
Account;
(5) 
 all disclosures and materials provided to you before or 
when you opened your Account;
(6)  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account
, including those provided online; and
(7) 
 any future changes we make to any of the above.
Please read these carefully and keep them for  
future reference.
New Offers
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that we 
think may interest you. The terms of these offers may differ 
from the standard terms on your Account. This Agreement 
will still apply.
Account Information
We need information about you to manage your Account. 
This includes:
(1) your legal name;
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address  
(if different);
(3) your date of birth;
(4) 
 your Social Security number or other government 
identification number;
(5)  your telephone number(s); and
(6)
 your employment and income information.
You must tell us when this information changes. W
e may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. We 
may restrict or close your 
Account if we cannot verify your 
information, or if you do not provide it as requested.
Your Revolving Credit Line and Spending
We will tell you your initial revolving credit line when you 
open your Account. We may increase or decrease your 
revolving credit line at any time without prior notice to you, 
unless notice is required by law, and we may limit or take 
away the credit available for Cash Advances. You can find 
your current revolving credit line on your Statement. We 
may not authorize transactions in excess of your revolving 
credit line. We may consider each transaction that may 
cause you to exceed your revolving credit line based 
on several factors, including your performance on this 
Account and other credit accounts you have with us and 
your performance with other creditors. If we do authorize 
transactions in excess of your revolving credit line, they 
will be subject to this Agreement. They will not result in an 
increase of your revolving credit line.
Using Your Account
(1)  This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card or Account
. It will continue to apply even after your 
Account is closed, as long as you have a balance.
(2)  You must sign the Card immediately when you receive it.
(3)  You must return the 
Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to.
(4)  You must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card
, Access Checks  
and 
Account.
(5)  We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your revolving credit line or 
your Account
 is not in default.
(6) 
 We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we do 
not authorize a transaction.
(7)  W
e are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason.
(8)  Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable Credit Plan of your 
Account
. We will apply it against your available credit for 
that Credit Plan.
(9)
  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any illegal 
activity. 
You are responsible for any charges if you do.
(10) 
 We are not liable for any losses that may result when 
our services are unavailable due to reasons beyond 
our control.
(11)  Y
ou may use your Account for purchases anywhere 
Mastercard is accepted, and you may obtain Cash 
Advances and Transfers as permitted for your 
Account. 
You may not use these to pay any amount you owe us 
or any other company in the Capital One organization.
Rewards
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to earn 
rewards. If it does, information and terms about the rewards 
will be provided separately. 
Promotional Credit Plans
From time to time, we may offer one or more promotional 
Credit Plans prior to, or at the time of, your purchase. Only 
certain purchases may be eligible for promotional Credit 
Plans. These Credit Plans may have special repayment 
terms and are conditioned on your timely payment of at 
least the required payment amount each Billing Cycle.
1. Waived Interest Charge — With this offer there  
are no Interest Charges on your purchases for a 
specified period.
2. Reduced Rate — With this offer, you will receive 
a reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) on your 
purchase for a specified period.
Using a PIN
We may give you a personal identification number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card.
2
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it to anyone, 
or keep it with your Card. If you lose your Card or believe the 
confidentiality of your PIN has been compromised for any 
reason, you must contact Customer Service immediately. 
Authorized Users
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, they are 
an Authorized User. We may require certain information 
about them. We may limit their ability to use your Card. 
They may have access to certain information about your 
Account. You will be responsible for their use of the 
Account and anyone else they allow to use your Account, 
even if you did not want, or agree to, that use.
Removing an Authorized User
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. 
You will be responsible even if these amounts do not 
appear on your Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number.
Your Promise to Pay
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes.
Statements
We will generally send, or make available to you, one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of each 
Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law may not 
require us to send, or make available to you, a Statement, 
or may prohibit us from doing so.
Disputed Transactions
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us about 
any errors or questions you have, as described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify us of an error, we 
will assume that all information on the Statement is correct.
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also:
(1)  give us any information about the disputed transaction, 
if we ask;
(2) 
 not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the transaction 
amount from the merchant or any other person; and
(3) 
 help us get reimbursement from others.
No Warranties
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement.
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without 
your permission, you must contact Customer Service 
immediately. You will not be responsible for transactions on 
your Account that we find are unauthorized.
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you will 
help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement from 
the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us documents in a 
form that we request.
Interest Charges and Fees
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
on any unpaid amount from the date of the transaction, date 
the transaction is processed or the first day of the Billing 
Cycle. However, we will not charge you interest on any new 
transactions posted to the purchase Credit Plan of your 
Account if you pay your “New Balance” in full by the due 
date on your Statement each month. If you did not pay your 
“New Balance” in full when due for a Billing Cycle, interest 
will continue to accrue between the time that we calculate 
your “New Balance,” as reflected on your Statement, and 
when we receive your payment. This interest will post 
on your next Statement. That is why if you start accruing 
Interest Charges, you generally must pay your “New 
Balance” in full for two consecutive Billing Cycles before 
Interest Charges stop posting to your Statement. Please 
note, however, that Interest Charges will begin accruing 
immediately for any Cash Advances and other transactions 
that do not post to the purchase Credit Plan. 
From time to time, we may offer Transfers or promotional 
purchase financing that do allow you to pay less than 
the statement “New Balance” and still avoid interest on 
any new transactions that post to the standard purchase 
balance. However, in these cases you must pay in full 
transactions that are posted to the standard purchase 
balance and any Cash Advance balance or Balance 
Transfer balances, plus any minimum payment due 
appearing on your Statement. We may also display an 
interest saver payment amount on your statement, if 
applicable, for your convenience.
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to your 
Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures provide 
for them. We may increase your Interest Charges and Fees 
as described in the Changes to Your Agreement section 
or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
Late Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive your 
payment as instructed on your Statement by the payment 
due date.
Minimum Payment
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount by 
the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you:
(1) the minimum payment due,
(2) your new balance,
(3) the payment due date, and
3
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us for 
us to consider it received as of that date.
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce your 
Account balance, but they will not change your minimum 
payment amount. 
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay all or 
part of the total balance on your Account
. But, you must 
still pay at least the minimum payment amount each month, 
even if you paid more than the minimum payment due on 
the previous Statement. We will continue to charge Interest 
Charges during Billing Cycles when you carry a balance 
regardless of whether your Statement includes a minimum 
payment that is due. If your Account is 180 days past due, 
is part of a bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged 
off, the total balance is immediately due and payable.
Making Payments
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not make 
payments with funds from your Account or any other credit 
account with us or any other company in the Capital One 
organization. You must send mailed payments to us as 
instructed on your Statement, unless we tell you otherwise.
Other Payment Services
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services.
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects a 
payment made using our payment services.
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we 
may provide that person with limited Account information 
necessary to set up and process that payment. We may 
also refuse to accept that payment. If we do accept it, you 
will be responsible for that payment even if a financial 
institution rejects it.
Payment Processing
We may accept and process payments without losing any 
of our rights. We may delay the availability of credit until we 
confirm that your payment has cleared. This may happen 
even if we credit your payment to your Account. We may 
resubmit and collect returned payments electronically. If 
necessary, we may adjust your Account to correct errors, 
process returned and reversed payments, and handle 
similar issues.
When you send us an Item
 as payment, you authorize us to 
make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your deposit 
account. You also authorize us to process the payment as an 
Item. We may withdraw the funds from your deposit account 
as early as the same day we receive your payment. You will 
not receive your Item back from your bank. We will provide 
additional information about this process on your Statement.
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended.
How We Apply Your Payments
Your Account may have Credit Plans with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). For example, purchases may 
have a lower APR than Cash Advances. If your Account 
has Credit Plan balances with different APRs, here is how 
we apply payments in a Billing Cycle:
(1)  We generally apply credits and payments up to your 
minimum payment first to the balance with the lowest 
APR, and then to balances with higher APRs.
(2)  We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest APR, 
and then to balances with lower 
APRs.
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions,  
or Instructions
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, conditions, 
limitations, or special instructions to:
Capital One  
P.O. Box 1330
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications.
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process it 
without losing any of our rights.
Credit Balances
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance.
Account Default
You will be in default if:
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due;
(2)  any payment you make is rejected, not paid or cannot 
be processed;
(3) 
 you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding;
(4) 
 you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity;
(5) 
 we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us;
(6) 
 you do not comply with any term of this Agreement or 
any other agreement with us;
(7) 
 you permanently reside outside the United States; or
(8) your REI Co-op membership is canceled.
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your 
Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice:
(1)
  charge you Fees, or change the APRs and Fees on 
your Account, if provided in your T
ruth-in-Lending 
Disclosures;
(2)  close or suspend your Account;
(3)
  lower your revolving credit line;
4
(4)  demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account;
(5)  continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or
(6) 
 file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts.
Communications
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account.
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone number 
(including a mobile telephone number that you provide us), 
and use an automated telephone dialing system or similar 
device to do so. You agree that we may monitor or record 
any conversation or other communication with you.
Credit Reports
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, or 
other defaults on your Account may be reflected in your 
credit report. Information we provide may appear on your 
and the Authorized Users’ credit reports.
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate information 
about your Account to a credit bureau or other consumer 
reporting agency, notify us in writing at Capital One, P.O. 
Box 31293, Salt Lake City, UT 84131-1293. When you 
write, tell us the specific information that you believe is 
incorrect and why you believe it is incorrect.
We may obtain and use credit, income and other information 
about you from credit bureaus and others as the law allows.
Closing or Suspending Your Account
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close  
your Account.
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default.
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close or 
permanently suspend your Account, you must return or 
destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts you 
owe on the Account.
Changes to Your Agreement
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing so. 
We will give you notice of any changes as required by law. 
We may notify you of changes on your Statement or in a 
separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and how the 
changes will take effect. The notice will describe any rights 
you have in connection with the changes.
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as the 
index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase your APRs 
for any other reason, or if we change your Fees or other 
terms of your Account, we will notify you as required by law.
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part of 
this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts will 
remain in effect.
Waiver
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose not 
to take any action for any reason. We may waive our right 
without notifying you. For example, we may waive your 
Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and without 
losing our right to charge them in the future.
Assignment
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of your 
and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, assign 
or transfer your Account or this Agreement to someone else 
without our written permission.
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior notice 
to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our place under 
this Agreement. You must pay them and perform all of your 
obligations to them and not us. If you pay us after we notify 
you that we have transferred your Account or this Agreement, 
we can return the payment to you, forward the payment to the 
assignee, or handle it in another way that is reasonable.
Access Checks
We may provide you with Access Checks. If we do, we will 
tell you at the time if we consider them purchases, Cash 
Advances or Special Transfers.
Only the person we designate may use Access Checks. 
You may not use them to pay any amount you owe us or 
any other company in the Capital One organization. We 
may reject and not pay any Access Check if:
(1)  your Account is past due, charged off, bankrupt, lost/
stolen or closed;
(2) we suspect fraud;
(3) your Account
 is over the revolving credit line; or
(4)  the check has expired, is damaged or cannot otherwise 
be processed.
Our liability if we do not pay an Access Check will never be 
more than (1) your actual damages or (2) the amount of the 
Access Check, whichever is less.
Use of an Access Check is not the same as using your 
Card
. When you use an Access Check
, you will have fewer 
rights to dispute merchant transactions than with uses 
of your Card. Please see the “Billing Rights Summary” 
on your Statement and your other Truth-in- Lending 
Disclosures for more information.
Stopping Payment of Access Checks
You may request a stop payment on any Access Check
by contacting Customer Service.
We will have a reasonable amount of time after your 
stop payment request to research and complete the stop 
payment. We will not be responsible if we cannot complete 
the stop payment. Reasons include:
(1) the Access Check was already paid;
(2) you do not give us the information we asked for; or
(3) the information you gave us was incorrect.
We do not have to release the stop payment order unless 
the account holder who made the request asks us to.
If we re-credit your Account after a valid stop payment 
order, you give us all of your rights against the payee or 
other holder of the paid Access Check. You also agree to 
help us in any legal action we may later take against the 
payee or other holder of the check.
5
Cash Advance Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you take out a 
Cash Advance. We will treat this Fee as a Cash Advance 
transaction.
Transfer Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you make a 
Transfer. We will charge the Fee to the same Credit Plan 
where we post the Transfer.
Transactions Made in Foreign Currencies
If you make a transaction in a foreign currency, the 
Payment Card Network will convert it into a U.S. dollar 
amount. The Payment Card Network will use its own 
currency conversion procedures. The conversion rate 
in effect on the processing date may differ from the rate 
in effect on the transaction date that appears on your 
Statement. We do not adjust the currency exchange rate or 
charge any currency conversion Fees.
Glossary
•  “Access Check” means any check we send to you to
access credit from your 
Account. We may also refer to
an Access Check as a “convenience check” or a
“purchase check”.
• “Account”
 means your Card Account with us.
•  “Authorized User” means a person who may use
the Card, but is not responsible for the repayment of
the Account.
•  “Balance T
ransfer” means a Transfer posted to the
purchase Credit Plan of your Account unless otherwise
described in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures
•  “Billing 
Cycle” means the period of time reflected
on a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is
approximately 30 days. You will have a Billing Cycle even if
a Statement
 is not required. We will often specify a Billing
Cycle by the month in which its closing date occurs. For
example, a “March Billing Cycle” will have a closing date
in March. We may also refer to a Billing Cycle as a “Billing
Period”. If your Account balance has charged off, we may
switch to quarterly Billing Cycles for your Account.
•  “Card” means any Capital One credit card associated
with your Account. This includes all renewals and
substitutions. It also means any other access device for
your Account we give you that allows you to obtain credit,
including any Account number
.
•
 “Cash Advance” means a loan in cash or things we
consider cash equivalents, including wire transfers,
travelers’ checks, money orders, foreign currency,
lottery tickets, gaming chips, and wagers. We post Cash
Advances to the Cash Advance Credit Plan of your
Account
 and not to your purchase Credit Plan.
•
 “Credit Plans” mean the different parts of your Account
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, pricing,
or other terms. These may be individual purchases, or
they may be combined balance types such as Balance
Transfers and Cash Advances which are under same
terms. The sum of your Credit Plan balances equals your
total 
Account balance.
•
 “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not
based on the Annual Percentage Rates.
•
 “Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates.
•
 “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account. This
includes any image of these instruments. This does not
include an Access Check
.
•
 “Payment Card Network” means the network
provider displayed on your Card. This may be V
isa Inc.,
Mastercard International Incorporated, or any other
network provider.
•  “Special T
ransfer” means a Transfer posted to a Credit
Plan of your Account that is not a purchase or Cash
Advance Credit Plan.
•  “Statement” means a document showing important
Account information, including all transactions billed to
your 
Account during a Billing Cycle and information about
what you must pay. We may also refer to your 
Statement
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”.
•
 “Transfers” means amounts transferred from other
accounts to this Account and includes Balance Transfers
and Special Transfers
.
•
 “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that
the federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z require for
any Account. 
This includes your application and solicitation
disclosures, Account opening disclosures, subsequent
disclosures, Statements, and change in terms notices.
© 2022 Capital One
Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved.
BR417372      M-135146 COF Customer Agreement 449

=== AGREEMENT CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION / REI_CCA_CFPB_Q1_2024_R-322429.pdf ===

Credit Card Agreement for REI Co-op Mastercard® Cards in Capital One, N.A.
There are two parts to this Credit Card Agreement: Capital One Pricing Information and the Capital One Customer 
Agreement. The Pricing Information shows a range of terms that includes both mail and online offers for new accounts 
available under this Agreement as of March 31, 2024. The combination of terms that could apply to you will differ depending 
on the specific card offer and on your creditworthiness at the time of application. Not all offers will contain introductory rates. 
The Customer Agreement contains important information related to consumer credit cards issued by Capital One, N.A. 
Please visit www.capitalone.com to view our online credit card offers. If you are a current Capital One cardholder, please log 
in to your account if you would like to request the Credit Card Agreement for your account(s).
Annual Percentage Rate
Annual Percentage Rate
(APR) for Purchases
19.24% - 30.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Balance 
Transfers
19.24% - 30.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Cash Advances 30.24%.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
Paying Interest Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest 
on new purchases, provided you have paid your previous balance in full by the due date each 
month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and transfers on the transaction date.
For Credit Card Tips from
the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,  
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Fees
Annual Fee None.
Transaction Fees
• Balance Transfer 3% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR 
that we may offer you.
None for balances transferred at the Balance Transfer APR.
• Cash Advance Either $3 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Penalty Fees
• Late Payment Up to $40.
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called “average daily balance (including new transactions).” See 
“How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section below.
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided 
in “Your Billing Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD
How Do You Calculate My Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change when the Prime Rate changes. We calculate 
variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the 25th day of December, 
March, June and September. If the Journal is not published on that day, then see the immediately preceding edition. Variable 
rates will be updated quarterly and will take effect on the first day of your Billing Cycle which begins in January, April, July and 
October: Purchase APR:
 Prime plus 10.74% - 21.74%; Balance Transfer APR: Prime plus 10.74% - 21.74%; Cash Advance APR: 
Prime plus 21.74%. Any increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your Minimum Payment.
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used To Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Purchase APR is 
0.05271% - 0.08285%; Balance Transfer APR is 0.05271% - 0.08285%; and Cash Advance APR is 0.08285%. See the “How 
Do You Calculate The Interest Charge?” section.
How Do 
You Calculate The Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions). 
Under this method, we first calculate your daily balance; for each Credit Plan, we 1)
 take the beginning balance and add in 
new transactions and the periodic interest charge on the previous day’s balance, then 2) subtract any payments and credits 
for that Credit Plan as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each Credit Plan. However, if you paid your previous 
month’s nonpromotional purchases balance in full (or if your balance was zero or a credit amount), new transactions which 
post to your purchase or special purchase Credit Plans are not added to the daily balances. Also, transactions subject to a 
grace period are not added to the daily balances.
Next, to find your Average Daily Balance we 1) add the daily balances together for each Credit Plan, and 2) divide the sum by 
the number of days in the Billing Cycle.
At the end of each Billing Cycle, we determine your Interest Charge as follows: 
1) multiply your Average Daily Balance by the 
daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for each Credit Plan and 2) multiply the result by the number of days in the billing 
period. We add the Interest Charges for all Credit Plans together
. The result is your total Interest Charge for the Billing Cycle.
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, this calculation may vary from the interest charge actually assessed.
©2024
 
Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Products and services of
fered by 
Capital One, N.A. Capital One supports information privacy protection: see our website at www
.capitalone.com.
Capital One Customer Agreement
Welcome to Capital One
This Customer Agreement, including any changes to it 
(“Agreement”), contains the terms of your agreement with 
Capital One.
Definitions
The meanings of the terms you see in italics appear in the 
Glossary section at the end of this Agreement.
As used here, “you” and “your” mean each applicant and co-
applicant for the Account; any person responsible for paying 
the Account; and any person responsible for complying 
with this Agreement. “We,” “us,” “our,” and “Capital One” 
mean Capital One, National Association; and its agents, 
authorized representatives, successors, and assignees. 
Account Documents
The following documents govern your Account with us:
(1) this Agreement;
(2) all Statements;
(3) any privacy notices;
(4) your Card benefits brochure which describes benefits 
provided by the Payment Card Network for your Account;
(5)  all disclosures and materials provided to you before or 
when you opened your Account;
(6)  any other documents and disclosures relating to your 
Account, including those provided online; and
(7)  
any future changes we make to any of the above.
Please read these carefully and keep them for  
future reference.
New Offers
In the future, we may provide you with new offers that we 
think may interest you. The terms of these offers may differ 
from the standard terms on your Account. This Agreement 
will still apply.
Account Information
We need information about you to manage your Account. 
This includes:
(1) your legal name;
(2)  a valid U.S. mailing address and residential address  
(if different);
(3) your date of birth;
(4)  your Social Security number or other government 
identification number;
(5)  your telephone number(s); and
(6) your employment and income information.
You must tell us when this information changes. We may 
ask you for additional documents to verify any changes. We 
may restrict or close your Account if we cannot verify your 
information, or if you do not provide it as requested.
Your Revolving Credit Line and Spending
We will tell you your initial revolving credit line when you 
open your Account. We may increase or decrease your 
revolving credit line at any time without prior notice to you, 
unless notice is required by law, and we may limit or take 
away the credit available for Cash Advances. You can find 
your current revolving credit line on your Statement. We 
may not authorize transactions in excess of your revolving 
credit line. We may consider each transaction that may 
cause you to exceed your revolving credit line based 
on several factors, including your performance on this 
Account and other credit accounts you have with us and 
your performance with other creditors. If we do authorize 
transactions in excess of your revolving credit line, they 
will be subject to this Agreement. They will not result in an 
increase of your revolving credit line.
Using Your Account
(1)  This Agreement applies whether or not you use your 
Card or Account. It will continue to apply even after your 
Account is closed, as long as you have a balance.
(2)  You must sign the Card immediately when you receive it.
(3)  You must return the Card to us or destroy it if we ask 
you to.
(4)  Y
ou must take reasonable steps to prevent the 
unauthorized use of your Card, Access Checks  
and Account.
(5)  
We may decline to authorize a transaction for any 
reason. This may occur even if the transaction would 
not cause you to go over your revolving credit line or 
your Account
 is not in default.
(6)  
We are not responsible for any losses you incur if we do 
not authorize a transaction.
(7)  We are not responsible for any losses you incur if 
anyone refuses to accept your Card for any reason.
(8)  
Unless we tell you otherwise, we will bill each 
transaction to the applicable Credit Plan of your 
Account. We will apply it against your available credit for 
that 
Credit Plan.
(9)  You must not use, or try to use, the Card for any illegal 
activity
. You are responsible for any charges if you do.
(10)  W
e are not liable for any losses that may result when 
our services are unavailable due to reasons beyond 
our control.
(11)  You may use your Account for purchases anywhere 
Mastercard is accepted, and you may obtain Cash 
Advances and 
Transfers as permitted for your Account. 
You may not use these to pay any amount you owe us 
or any other company in the Capital One organization.
Rewards
Your Account may provide you with the opportunity to earn 
rewards. If it does, information and terms about the rewards 
will be provided separately. 
Promotional Credit Plans
From time to time, we may offer one or more promotional 
Credit Plans prior to, or at the time of, your purchase. Only 
certain purchases may be eligible for promotional Credit 
Plans. These Credit Plans may have special repayment 
terms and are conditioned on your timely payment of at 
least the required payment amount each Billing Cycle.
1. Waived Interest Charge — With this offer there  
are no Interest Charges on your purchases for a 
specified period.
2. Reduced Rate — With this offer, you will receive 
a reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) on your 
purchase for a specified period.
Using a PIN
We may give you a personal identification number (PIN). 
For security reasons, you may have to provide the PIN 
before you are able to use your Card.
1
Keep your PIN secure. Do not write it down, give it to anyone, 
or keep it with your 
Card. If you lose your Card or believe the 
confidentiality of your PIN has been compromised for any 
reason, you must contact Customer Service immediately. 
Authorized Users
If you ask us to issue a Card to any other person, they are 
an Authorized User. We may require certain information 
about them. We may limit their ability to use your Card. 
They may have access to certain information about your 
Account. You will be responsible for their use of the 
Account and anyone else they allow to use your Account, 
even if you did not want, or agree to, that use.
Removing an Authorized User
If you want to remove an Authorized User from your 
Account, you must contact Customer Service and request 
their removal. You also must immediately destroy all Cards 
in their possession and cancel any arrangements they may 
have set up on your Account. They will be able to use your 
Account until you have notified us that you are removing 
them from your Account. During this time, you will still be 
responsible for all amounts they charge to your Account. 
You will be responsible even if these amounts do not 
appear on your Account until later. 
Authorized Users may remove themselves from your 
Account upon request. We reserve the right to remove 
them from your Account for any reason. To remove them 
from your Account, we may close your existing Account 
and issue a new Card with a new Account number.
Your Promise to Pay
You promise to pay us all amounts due on your Account. 
This includes amounts where you did not sign a purchase 
slip or other documents for the transaction. We will treat 
transactions made without presenting your actual Card 
(such as for mail, telephone, Internet, or mobile device 
purchases) the same as if you used the Card in person. If 
you let someone else use your Card, you are responsible 
for all transactions that person makes.
Statements
We will generally send, or make available to you, one 
Statement for all Cards on your Account at the end of each 
Billing Cycle. Under certain circumstances, the law may not 
require us to send, or make available to you, a Statement, 
or may prohibit us from doing so.
Disputed Transactions
You must inspect each Statement you receive. Tell us about 
any errors or questions you have, as described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement and other Truth-in-
Lending Disclosures. If you do not notify us of an error, we 
will assume that all information on the Statement is correct.
If we credit your Account for all or part of a disputed 
transaction, you give us all of your rights against others 
regarding that transaction. You will also:
(1)  give us any information about the disputed transaction, 
if we ask;
(2)  not pursue any claim or reimbursement of the transaction 
amount from the merchant or any other person; and
(3)  help us get reimbursement from others.
No Warranties
We are not responsible for any claim you may have 
regarding the purchase of goods or services made with 
your Card beyond your rights described in the “Billing 
Rights Summary” on your Statement.
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Card is lost or stolen or if you think someone else 
may be using your Card or Account number without 
your permission, you must contact Customer Service 
immediately. You will not be responsible for transactions on 
your Account that we find are unauthorized.
If we reimburse you for unauthorized transactions, you will 
help us investigate, pursue and get reimbursement from 
the wrongdoer. Your help includes giving us documents in a 
form that we request.
Interest Charges and Fees
We will charge Interest Charges and Fees to your Account 
as disclosed on your Statement and other Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures. In general, Interest Charges begin to accrue 
on any unpaid amount from the date of the transaction, date 
the transaction is processed or the first day of the Billing 
Cycle. However, we will not charge you interest on any new 
transactions posted to the purchase Credit Plan of your 
Account if you pay your “New Balance” in full by the due 
date on your Statement each month. If you did not pay your 
“New Balance” in full when due for a Billing Cycle, interest 
will continue to accrue between the time that we calculate 
your “New Balance,” as reflected on your Statement, and 
when we receive your payment. This interest will post 
on your next Statement. That is why if you start accruing 
Interest Charges, you generally must pay your “New 
Balance” in full for two consecutive Billing Cycles before 
Interest Charges stop posting to your Statement. Please 
note, however, that Interest Charges will begin accruing 
immediately for any Cash Advances and other transactions 
that do not post to the purchase Credit Plan. 
From time to time, we may offer Transfers or promotional 
purchase financing that do allow you to pay less than 
the statement “New Balance” and still avoid interest on 
any new transactions that post to the standard purchase 
balance. However, in these cases you must pay in full 
transactions that are posted to the standard purchase 
balance and any Cash Advance balance or Balance 
Transfer balances, plus any minimum payment due 
appearing on your Statement. We may also display an 
interest saver payment amount on your statement, if 
applicable, for your convenience.
We will generally treat Fees as purchase transactions 
unless otherwise specified below. These Fees apply to your 
Account only if your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures provide 
for them. We may increase your Interest Charges and Fees 
as described in the Changes to Your Agreement section 
or in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures.
Late Payment Fee
We may charge you this Fee if we do not receive your 
payment as instructed on your Statement by the payment 
due date.
Minimum Payment
You must pay us at least the minimum payment amount by 
the payment due date. Your Statement will tell you:
(1) the minimum payment due,
(2) your new balance,
(3) the payment due date, and
2
(4)  an explanation of when the payment must reach us for 
us to consider it received as of that date.
Returns and other credits to your Account will reduce your 
Account balance, but they will not change your minimum 
payment amount. 
In addition to the minimum payment, you may pay all or 
part of the total balance on your Account. But, you must 
still pay at least the minimum payment amount each month, 
even if you paid more than the minimum payment due on 
the previous Statement. We will continue to charge Interest 
Charges during Billing Cycles when you carry a balance 
regardless of whether your Statement includes a minimum 
payment that is due. If your Account is 180 days past due, 
is part of a bankruptcy proceeding or is otherwise charged 
off, the total balance is immediately due and payable.
Making Payments
Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars from a U.S. 
deposit account in a form acceptable to us. We do not 
accept cash payments through the mail. You may not make 
payments with funds from your Account or any other credit 
account with us or any other company in the Capital One 
organization. You must send mailed payments to us as 
instructed on your Statement, unless we tell you otherwise.
Other Payment Services
We may make services available that allow you to make 
faster or recurring payments online or by telephone. We 
will describe the terms for using these services and any 
applicable Fee before you use them. You do not have to 
use these other payment services.
We are not responsible if your financial institution rejects a 
payment made using our payment services.
If you ask someone else to make a payment for you, we 
may provide that person with limited Account information 
necessary to set up and process that payment. We may 
also refuse to accept that payment. If we do accept it, you 
will be responsible for that payment even if a financial 
institution rejects it.
Payment Processing
We may accept and process payments without losing any 
of our rights. We may delay the availability of credit until we 
confirm that your payment has cleared. This may happen 
even if we credit your payment to your Account. We may 
resubmit and collect returned payments electronically. If 
necessary, we may adjust your Account to correct errors, 
process returned and reversed payments, and handle 
similar issues.
When you send us an Item as payment, you authorize us to 
make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your deposit 
account. You also authorize us to process the payment as an 
Item. We may withdraw the funds from your deposit account 
as early as the same day we receive your payment. You will 
not receive your Item back from your bank. We will provide 
additional information about this process on your Statement.
We may use the information from an Item to create an 
electronic image. We may collect and return the image 
electronically. This electronic image may also be converted 
to a substitute check and may be processed in the same 
way we would process an Item. We will not be responsible 
if an Item you provide has physical features that when 
imaged result in it not being processed as you intended.
How We Apply Your Payments
Your Account may have Credit Plans with different Annual 
Percentage Rates (APR). For example, purchases may 
have a lower APR than Cash Advances. If your Account 
has 
Credit Plan balances with different APRs, here is how 
we apply payments in a Billing Cycle:
(1)  We generally apply credits and payments up to your 
minimum payment first to the balance with the lowest 
APR, and then to balances with higher APRs.
(2)  We apply any part of your payment exceeding your 
minimum payment to the balance with the highest APR, 
and then to balances with lower APRs.
Items with Restrictive Words, Conditions,  
or Instructions
You must mail all Items bearing restrictive words, conditions, 
limitations, or special instructions to:
Capital One  
P.O. Box 1330
Charlotte, NC 28201-1330
This includes Items marked “Paid in Full” or similar 
language. This also includes all accompanying 
communications.
If you make such a payment or send any accompanying 
communications to any other address, we may reject it 
and return it to you. We may also accept it and process it 
without losing any of our rights.
Credit Balances
We may reject and return any payment that creates or adds 
to a credit balance on your Account. Any credit balance 
we allow will not be available until we confirm that your 
payment has cleared. We may reduce the amount of any 
credit balance by any new charges. You may write to the 
address provided on your Statement or call Customer 
Service to request a refund of any available credit balance.
Account Default
You will be in default if:
(1) you do not make any payment when it is due;
(2)  any payment you make is rejected, not paid or cannot 
be processed;
(3)  you file or become the subject of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding;
(4)  you are unable or unwilling to repay your obligations, 
including upon death or legally declared incapacity;
(5)  we determine that you made a false, incomplete or 
misleading statement to us, or you otherwise tried to 
defraud us;
(6)  you do not comply with any term of this Agreement or 
any other agreement with us;
(7)
  you permanently reside outside the United States; or
(8)
 your REI Co-op membership is canceled.
If you are in default, we may take certain actions with 
respect to your Account. For example, depending on the 
default, we may take the following actions, without notifying 
you, unless the law says that we must give you notice:
(1) 
 charge you Fees, or change the APRs and 
Fees on 
your 
Account, if provided in your Truth-in-Lending 
Disclosures;
(2) 
 close or suspend your Account;
(3)  
lower your revolving credit line;
3
(4)  demand that you immediately pay the total balance 
owing on your Account;
(5)  continue to charge you Interest Charges and Fees as 
long as your balance remains outstanding; and/or
(6)  file a lawsuit against you, or pursue another action that 
is not prohibited by law. If we file a lawsuit, you agree to 
pay our court costs, expenses and attorney fees, unless 
the law does not allow us to collect these amounts.
Communications
You agree that we may communicate with you by mail, 
telephone, email, fax, prerecorded message, automated 
voice, text message or other means allowed by law 
regarding your Account.
You agree that we may contact you at any telephone number 
(including a mobile telephone number that you provide us), 
and use an automated telephone dialing system or similar 
device to do so. You agree that we may monitor or record 
any conversation or other communication with you.
Credit Reports
We may report information about your Account to credit 
bureaus and others. Late payments, missed payments, or 
other defaults on your Account may be reflected in your 
credit report. Information we provide may appear on your 
and the Authorized Users’ credit reports.
If you believe that we have reported inaccurate information 
about your 
Account to a credit bureau or other consumer 
reporting agency, notify us in writing at Capital One, P.O. 
Box 31293, 
Salt Lake City, UT 84131-1293. When you 
write, tell us the specific information that you believe is 
incorrect and why you believe it is incorrect.
W
e may obtain and use credit, income and other information 
about you from credit bureaus and others as the law allows.
Closing or Suspending Your Account
You may contact Customer Service to ask us to close  
your Account.
We may close or suspend your Account at any time and for 
any reason permitted by law, even if you are not in default.
If we close or suspend your Account for any reason, 
you must stop using your Card. You must also cancel all 
billing arrangements set up on the Account. If we close or 
permanently suspend your Account, you must return or 
destroy all Cards. You must still pay us all amounts you 
owe on the Account.
Changes to Your Agreement
At any time, we may add, delete or change any term of 
this Agreement, unless the law prohibits us from doing so. 
We will give you notice of any changes as required by law. 
We may notify you of changes on your Statement or in a 
separate notice. Our notice will tell you when and how the 
changes will take effect. The notice will describe any rights 
you have in connection with the changes.
Your variable APRs (if applicable) can go up or down as the 
index for the rate goes up or down. If we increase your APRs 
for any other reason, or if we change your Fees or other
 
terms of your Account, we will notify you as required by law.
The Law That Applies to Your Agreement
We make decisions to grant credit and issue you a Card 
from our offices in Virginia. This Agreement is governed 
by applicable federal law and by Virginia law. If any part of 
this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining parts will 
remain in effect.
Waiver
We will not lose any of our rights if we delay or choose not 
to take any action for any reason. We may waive our right 
without notifying you. For example, we may waive your 
Interest Charges or Fees without notifying you and without 
losing our right to charge them in the future.
Assignment
This Agreement will be binding on, and benefit, any of your 
and our successors and assigns. You may not sell, assign 
or transfer your Account or this Agreement to someone else 
without our written permission.
We may sell, assign or transfer your Account and this 
Agreement without your permission and without prior notice 
to you. Any assignee or assignees will take our place under 
this Agreement. You must pay them and perform all of your 
obligations to them and not us. If you pay us after we notify 
you that we have transferred your Account or this Agreement, 
we can return the payment to you, forward the payment to the 
assignee, or handle it in another way that is reasonable.
Access Checks
We may provide you with Access Checks. If we do, we will 
tell you at the time if we consider them purchases, Cash 
Advances or Special Transfers.
Only the person we designate may use Access Checks. 
You may not use them to pay any amount you owe us or 
any other company in the Capital One organization. We 
may reject and not pay any Access Check if:
(1)  your Account is past due, charged off, bankrupt, lost/
stolen or closed;
(2) we suspect fraud;
(3) your Account is over the revolving credit line; or
(4)  the check has expired, is damaged or cannot otherwise 
be processed.
Our liability if we do not pay an Access Check will never be 
more than (1) your actual damages or 
(2) the amount of the 
Access Check, whichever is less.
Use of an Access Check is not the same as using your 
Card. When you use an Access Check, you will have fewer 
rights to dispute merchant transactions than with uses 
of your Card. Please see the “Billing Rights Summary” 
on your 
Statement and your other 
Truth-in- Lending 
Disclosures for more information.
Stopping Payment of Access Checks
You may request a stop payment on any Access Check
by contacting Customer Service.
We will have a reasonable amount of time after your 
stop payment request to research and complete the stop 
payment. We will not be responsible if we cannot complete 
the stop payment. Reasons include:
(1) the Access Check was already paid;
(2) you do not give us the information we asked for; or
(3) the information you gave us was incorrect.
We do not have to release the stop payment order unless 
the account holder who made the request asks us to.
If we re-credit your Account after a valid stop payment 
order, you give us all of your rights against the payee or 
4
other holder of the paid Access Check. You also agree to 
help us in any legal action we may later take against the 
payee or other holder of the check.
Cash Advance Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you take out a 
Cash Advance. We will treat this Fee as a Cash Advance 
transaction.
Transfer Fee
We may charge you this Fee each time you make a 
Transfer. We will charge the Fee to the same Credit Plan 
where we post the Transfer.
Transactions Made in Foreign Currencies
If you make a transaction in a foreign currency, the 
Payment Card Network will convert it into a U.S. dollar 
amount. The Payment Card Network will use its own 
currency conversion procedures. The conversion rate 
in effect on the processing date may differ from the rate 
in effect on the transaction date that appears on your 
Statement. We do not adjust the currency exchange rate or 
charge any currency conversion Fees.
Glossary
•  “Access Check” means any check we send to you to 
access credit from your Account. We may also refer to  
an Access Check as a “convenience check” or a 
“purchase check”.
• “Account” means your Card Account with us.
•  “Authorized User” means a person who may use 
 
the Card, but is not responsible for the repayment of  
the Account.
•  “Balance Transfer” means a Transfer posted to the 
purchase Credit Plan of your Account unless otherwise 
described in your Truth-in-Lending Disclosures
• “Billing Cycle” means the period of time reflected
 
on a Statement. This period may vary in length, but is 
approximately 30 days. Y
ou will have a Billing Cycle even if 
a Statement is not required. We will often specify a Billing 
Cycle by the month in which its closing date occurs. For 
example, a “March Billing Cycle” will have a closing date
 
in March. We may also refer to a Billing Cycle as a “Billing 
Period”. If your Account balance has charged off, we may 
switch to quarterly Billing Cycles for your Account.
•  “Card” means any Capital One credit card associated 
with your Account. This includes all renewals and 
substitutions. It also means any other access device for 
your Account we give you that allows you to obtain credit, 
including any Account number.
•  “Cash Advance” means a loan in cash or things we 
consider cash equivalents, including wire transfers, 
travelers’ checks, money orders, foreign currency, 
lottery tickets, gaming chips, and wagers. We post 
Cash 
Advances to the Cash Advance Credit Plan of your 
Account and not to your purchase Credit Plan.
•  “Credit Plans” mean the different parts of your 
Account 
we may establish that are subject to unique APRs, pricing, 
or other terms. These may be individual purchases, or 
they may be combined balance types such as Balance 
Transfers and 
Cash Advances which are under same 
terms. The sum of your Credit Plan balances equals your 
total Account balance.
•  “Fees” means charges imposed on your Account not 
based on the 
Annual Percentage Rates.
•  “Interest Charges” means any charges to your Account 
based on the application of Annual Percentage Rates.
•  “Item” means a check, draft, money order or other 
negotiable instrument you use to pay your Account. This 
includes any image of these instruments. This does not 
include an Access Check.
• 
 “Payment Card Network” means the network 
provider displayed on your Card. This may be Visa 
Inc., 
Mastercard International Incorporated, or any other 
network provider.
•  “Special Transfer”
 means a Transfer posted to a 
Credit 
Plan of your 
Account that is not a purchase or Cash 
Advance Credit Plan. 
•  “Statement” means a document showing important 
Account information, including all transactions billed to 
your Account during a Billing Cycle and information about 
what you must pay. We may also refer to your 
Statement 
as a “Periodic Statement” or a “Billing Statement”.
•  “Transfers” means amounts transferred from other 
accounts to this 
Account and includes Balance Transfers 
and Special Transfers.
•  “Truth-in-Lending Disclosures” means disclosures that 
the federal Truth in Lending 
Act and Regulation Z require for 
any Account. This includes your application and solicitation 
disclosures, Account opening disclosures, subsequent 
disclosures, Statements, and change in terms notices.
© 2022 Capital One
Capital One is a federally registered service mark. 
All rights reserved.
BR417372      M-135146 COF Customer Agreement 4495

=== AGREEMENT DISCOVER BANK / DNA_24_2054750_Near Prime Cardmember Agreement_032024-255535.pdf ===

-1-
©2024 Discover Bank, Member FDIC
CMANPDI033124
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases 28.24%. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.1
APR for Balance Transfers 28.24%. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.1
APR for Cash Advances 29.99%. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.2
Penalty APR and When It Applies None
Paying Interest
Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period (at least 23 days for billing periods that begin in 
February). We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. We 
will begin charging interest on cash advances and balance transfers as of the later of the transaction date or the first day of the 
billing period in which the transaction posted to your account. 
Minimum Interest Charge If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50
Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Fee None
Balance Transfer Fee 5% of the amount of each transfer.
Cash Advance Fee Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Late Fee None the first time you pay late. After that, up to $41
Returned Payment Fee Up to $41
Fees
This is an example of terms that were available to recent applicants as of 03/31/24. They may not be available now. If you apply, your terms will be based on that offer. 
This Pricing Schedule is part of the Cardmember Agreement
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We will use a method called “daily balance (including current transactions).” See the Cardmember Agreement for details.
1The purchase and balance transfer APR is equal to the Prime Rate plus a margin of 19.74%.
2The Cash Advance APR is equal to the Prime Rate plus a margin of 21.74%. 
PRICING SCHEDULE

©2024 Discover Bank, Member FDIC
Thank you for choosing Discover® card. This Agreement explains the current terms and conditions of your Account. The enclosed Pricing Schedule is part of this Agreement. Please read this 
Agreement, including the Pricing Schedule, carefully. Keep them for your records. Contact us if you have any questions. We have included a “Definitions” section for your reference on page 3.
ACCEPTANCE OF AGREEMENT
    You accept this Agreement if you do not cancel your Account within 30 days after receiving a Card. You also accept this Agreement if you or an 
Authorized User use the Account. You may, however, reject the “Arbitration of Disputes” section as explained in that section.
CHANGES TO YOUR AGREEMENT
    The rates, fees and terms of this Agreement may change from time to time. We may add or delete any term to this Agreement. If required by law, we will give 
you advance written notice of the change(s) and a right to reject the change(s). We will not charge any fee or interest charge prohibited by law.
USING YOUR ACCOUNT
Permitted Uses You may use your Account for Purchases, Balance Transfers and Cash Advances. You may not use it for illegal transactions.
Authorized Users  You may request additional Cards for Authorized Users to make transactions on your Account. You must notify us if you wish to cancel the 
authority of an Authorized User to use your Account. You are responsible for all charges made by your Authorized Users.
Joint Accounts   If your Account is a joint Account  
• each of you agrees to be liable individually and jointly for the entire amount owed on the Account; and  
• any notice we mail to an address provided by either of you for the Account will serve as notice to both of you.
Checks  If we provide you with Checks, we will tell you whether we will treat the Check as a Purchase, Balance Transfer or Cash Advance. You may not 
use these Checks to pay any amount you owe us.
Credit Authorizations  We may not authorize a transaction for security or other reasons. We will not be liable to you if we decline to authorize a transaction or if anyone 
refuses your Card, Check or Account number.
Credit Lines 
CARDMEMBER AGREEMENT
We will tell you what your Account credit line is. You must keep your 
Account balance below your Account credit line. If you do not, we may 
request immediate payment of the amount by which you exceed it. We 
may establish a lower credit line for Cash Advances. We may increase 
or decrease your Account credit line or your Cash Advance credit line 
without notice. We may delay increasing your available credit by the 
amount of any payment that we receive for up to 10 business days.
 Your Pricing Schedule may include variable APRs. These APRs are 
determined by adding the number of percentage points that we 
specify to the Prime Rate. Variable APRs will increase or decrease 
when the Prime Rate changes. The APR change will take effect 
on the first day of the billing period that begins during the same 
calendar month that the Prime Rate changes. An increase in the APR 
will increase your interest charges and may increase your Minimum 
Payment Due. Your variable APRs will never be less than zero or higher 
than 29.99%.
 We will not charge a Late Fee the first time you do not make the 
Minimum Payment Due by the Payment Due Date. After that, if you do 
not pay the Minimum Payment Due by the Payment Due Date, we will 
charge you a Late Fee. The fee is $30, if you were not charged a Late 
Fee during any of the prior six billing periods. Otherwise, the fee is $41. 
This fee will never exceed the Minimum Payment Due that was due 
immediately prior to the date on which the fee was assessed.
-2-
If you make a payment that is not honored by your financial institution, 
we will charge you a Returned Payment Fee even if the payment is 
honored after we re-submit it. The fee is $30 if you were not charged 
a Returned Payment Fee during any of the prior six billing periods. 
Otherwise, the fee is $41. This fee will never exceed the Minimum 
Payment Due that was due immediately prior to the date on which 
the payment was returned to us.
•  You must pay in U.S. dollars. Please do not send cash. Sending cash 
is not allowed. All checks must be drawn on funds on deposit in  
the U.S. 
•  You must pay us for all amounts due on your Account. This includes 
charges made by Authorized Users.
•   We may refuse to accept a payment in a foreign currency. If we 
do accept it, we will charge your Account our cost to convert it to  
U.S. dollars.
•      We can accept late payments, partial payments or payments
     marked“  payment in full” or with any other restrictive endorsement
     without losing any of our rights under this Agreement.
•  We credit your payments in accordance with the terms contained 
on your billing statement.
•  If you mail your payment to an address other than the address 
designated on your billing statement, there may be a delay in 
processing and crediting the payment to your Account.
•  If a third party makes a payment on your Account and we return all 
or a part of such payment, then we may adjust your Account for any 
amount returned. We reserve the right to defend ourselves against 
any demand to return funds we have received, and may agree to a 
compromise of the demanded amount as part of a settlement.
You may pay the entire New Balance shown on your billing statement at any 
time. Each billing period you must pay at least the Minimum Payment Due 
by the Payment Due Date shown on your billing statement. The Minimum 
Payment Due will be the greater of:
•  $20; or
•  any past due amount plus the greater of:
 —  3% of the New Balance shown on your billing statement (excluding any 
Interest Charges and Late Fee shown on your billing statement); or
 —  $15, plus any of the following charges as shown on your billing statement: 
fees for any debt protection product that you enrolled in on or after 
2/1/2015; Interest Charges; and Late Fees (not to exceed 4% of the  
New Balance).
The Minimum Payment Due may also include amounts by which you exceed 
your Account credit line. It will never exceed the New Balance. When we 
calculate the Minimum Payment Due, we may subtract from the New 
Balance certain fees added to your Account during the billing period. The 
Minimum Payment Due is rounded up to the nearest dollar.
Late Fee
Returned Payment Fee
ANNUAL PERCENTAGE RATES (“APRs”) (See your Pricing Schedule for the APRs that apply to your Account)
Variable APRs
MAKING PAYMENTS
Minimum Payment Due
Payment Instructions
FEES (See your Pricing Schedule for Additional Fees)
Penalty APR None
-3-
 We calculate interest charges each billing period by first figuring the 
“daily balance” for each Transaction Category. Transaction Categories 
include standard Purchases, standard Cash Advances and different 
promotional balances, such as Balance Transfers.
How We Figure the Daily Balance for Each Transaction Category
•  We start with the beginning balance for each day. The beginning 
balance for the first day of the billing period is your balance on the last 
day of your previous billing period.
•  We add any interest charges accrued on the previous day’s daily 
balance and any new transactions and fees. We add any new 
transactions or fees as of the later of the Transaction Date or the 
first day of the billing period in which the transaction or fee posted 
to your Account.
•  We subtract any new credits and payments.
•  We make other adjustments (including those adjustments required 
in the “Paying Interest” section).
How We Figure Your Total Interest Charges
•  We multiply the daily balance for each Transaction Category by its 
daily periodic rate. We do this for each day in the billing period. This 
gives us the interest charges for each Transaction Category. To get a 
daily periodic rate, we divide the APR that applies to the Transaction 
Category by 365.
•  We add up all the daily interest charges. The sum is the total 
interest charge for the billing period.
•  Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, the interest 
calculation may vary from the interest charge actually assessed.
How We Include Fees
 We add Balance Transfer Fees to the applicable Balance Transfer 
Transaction Category. We add Cash Advance Fees to the applicable 
Cash Advance Transaction Category. We add all other fees to the 
standard Purchase Transaction Category.
 When Interest Charges Begin
We begin to impose interest charges on a transaction, fee or interest 
charge from the day we add it to the daily balance. We continue 
to impose interest charges until you pay the total amount you owe 
us. You can avoid paying interest on Purchases as described below . 
However, you cannot avoid paying interest on Balance Transfers or 
Cash Advances.
 How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases (“Grace Period”)
If you pay the New Balance on your current billing statement by the 
Payment Due Date shown on that billing statement, we will not impose 
interest charges on New Purchases. New Purchases are Purchases 
that first appear on the next billing statement. Interest will continue 
to accrue each day on Purchases that appeared on previous billing 
statements until you pay the New Balance in full and will be billed in 
the next billing cycle.
How We Apply Payments May Impact Y our Grace Period
If you do not pay your New Balance in full each month, then, depending 
on the balance to which we apply your payment, you may not get a grace 
period on new Purchases.
How We Calculate 
Interest Charges—
Daily Balance Method 
(including current 
transactions)  
Merchant Disputes If you have a dispute with a merchant, you may request a credit to your Account. If we resolve the dispute in your favor, we will issue a credit to your Account. 
You assign to us your claim for the credited amount against the merchant and/or any third party. At our request, you agree to provide this assignment in writing.
Default
Automatic Account 
Information Updates
You may set up automatic billing or store your Account information with 
an Affiliate, merchant, wallet provider, or other third party (“Permitted 
Party”). If you do, you authorize us to share your Account information, 
which may include your rewards account balance, with the Permitted 
Party, regarding the use of your Account. If your Account information 
changes, which may include your billing address, you authorize us to 
provide this updated information to any such Permitted Party at our 
discretion. You must contact the Permitted Party directly or remove your 
credit card information from the Permitted Party website if you wish to 
stop automatic billing or Account updates.
Collection Costs If we use an attorney to collect your Account, we may charge you our legal costs as permitted by law. These include reasonable attorneys’ fees, 
court or other collection costs, and fees and costs of any appeal. 
Credit Reporting  
Agency Information
You authorize us to get information from credit reporting agencies 
and other sources for servicing or review of your Account, collection 
and any other use permitted by law, including to consider you for other 
products and services. We may report the status and payment history 
of your Account to credit reporting agencies and other creditors. 
We normally report to credit reporting agencies each month. If you 
believe that information we reported is inaccurate or incomplete, 
please write us at Discover, P.O. Box 30939, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-
0939. Please include your name, address, home phone number and 
Account number.
Our Privacy Policy We send you our Privacy Policy when you open your Account. 
Contact us or visit Discover.com if you would like a copy. Please read 
it carefully. It summarizes:  
•  the personal information we collect;
• how we safeguard its confidentiality and security;  
• when it may be shared with others; and  
• how you can limit our sharing of this information.
Unauthorized Use You must notify us immediately if:
• your Card is lost or stolen; or 
•  you believe someone is using your Account or a Card without  
your permission.
Our Communications  
with You
You agree that we, our Affiliates, and agents, including service providers 
(“Authorized Parties”) may contact you, including calls, text message or 
email, about any current or future accounts or applications, with respect 
to all products you have with us at any phone number or email (i) you 
have provided to us, (ii) from which you contacted us, or (iii) which we 
obtained and believe we can reach you at, even if your phone provider 
may charge you message and data rates for calls or texts. You agree 
that the Authorized Parties may record or monitor any calls between 
you and the Authorized Parties. You agree to notify us if you change or 
discontinue using any phone number you provide. You agree that the 
Authorized Parties may contact you using an automatic dialer or pre-
recorded voice message. If you no longer wish to be contacted on your 
cell phone by an automated dialer or pre-recorded voice message, you 
must provide us written notice cancelling your consent at this address: 
Discover Bank, P.O. Box 30937, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0937. The written 
notice must include: your name, mailing address, the last four digits of 
your Account number and the specific cell phone number(s) for which 
you would like to cancel your consent to be contacted by an automated 
dialer or pre-recorded voice message.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
How We Apply Payments
MAKING PAYMENTS
INTEREST CHARGES
Paying Interest
 We apply payments and credits at our discretion, including in a manner most 
favorable or convenient for us. In all cases, we will apply payments and credits 
as required by applicable law. Each billing period, we will generally apply 
amounts you pay that exceed the Minimum Payment Due to balances with 
higher APRs before balances with lower APRs as of the date we credit your 
payment.
You are in default if:
•  you file bankruptcy or another insolvency proceeding is filed by you 
or against you;
•  we have a reasonable belief that you are unable or unwilling to 
repay your obligations to us;
• you die or are legally declared incompetent or incapacitated;  
•  you fail to comply with the terms of this Agreement or any 
Agreement with us or an Affiliate, including failing to make a 
required payment when due, exceeding your Account credit line or 
using your Card or Account for an illegal transaction.
If you are in default, we may declare the entire balance of your Account 
immediately due and payable without notice.
Cancellation of 
Your Account
•  You may cancel your Account. You will remain responsible for any 
amount you owe us under this Agreement. 
•  Any joint Accountholder may cancel a joint Account. However, 
both of you will remain responsible for paying all amounts owed.
•  We may cancel, suspend or not renew your Account at any time 
without notice.
-4-
CONTACT US
“Account” means your Discover card account.
“Affiliate” means our parent corporations, subsidiaries and affiliates.
“  Authorized User” means any person you authorize to use your Account or a Card, 
whether you notify us or not.
“ Balance Transfer” means a balance transferred from another creditor to  
your Account.
“ Card” means any one or more Discover cards issued to you or someone else with 
your authorization.
“Cash Advance” means the use of your Account for:
  •  obtaining cash from participating automated teller machines, financial institutions 
or other locations; and
  •  online gambling, or to purchase lottery tickets, money orders, casino chips, foreign 
currency or similar items.
“Check”  means any check we send to you to access your Account.
“ Pricing Schedule” means the document entitled, “Pricing Schedule, ” which lists the 
APRs that apply to your Account and other important information.
“ Prime Rate” means the highest rate of interest listed as the U.S. Prime rate in the 
Money Rates section of the online Wall Street Journal (www.wsj.com)  on the last 
business day of the month.
“ Purchase” means the use of your Account to purchase or lease goods or services at  
participating merchants.
“We,” “us” and “our”  refer to Discover Bank, the issuer of your Card.
“ You,” “your” or “yours”  refer to you and any other person(s) who are also 
contractually liable under this Agreement.
“ Transaction Date” means the date shown on your billing statement for a transaction 
or fee.
DEFINITIONS
Agreement to Arbitrate.  In the event of a dispute between you 
and us arising out of or relating to this Account or the relationships 
resulting from this Account or any other dispute between you or 
us, including, for example, a dispute based on a federal or state 
statute or local ordinance (“Claim”), either you or we may choose 
to resolve the Claim by binding arbitration, as described below, 
instead of in court.  Any Claim (except for a Claim challenging 
the validity or enforceability of this arbitration agreement, 
including the Class Action Waiver) may be resolved by binding 
arbitration if either party requests it.  THIS MEANS IF EITHER YOU 
OR WE CHOOSE ARBITRATION, NEITHER PARTY WILL HAVE THE 
RIGHT TO LITIGATE SUCH CLAIM IN COURT OR TO HAVE A JURY 
TRIAL.  ALSO DISCOVERY AND APPEAL RIGHTS ARE LIMITED  
IN ARBITRATION.
 
Even if all parties have opted to litigate a Claim in court, you or we 
may elect arbitration with respect to any Claim made by a new 
party or any new Claims later asserted in that lawsuit.  
 
This arbitration agreement does not apply if, on the date you 
submit your Application or on the date we seek to invoke this 
arbitration agreement, you are a member of the Armed Forces 
or a dependent of such a member covered by the federal Military 
Lending Act.  If you would like more information about whether 
you are covered by the Military Lending Act, please contact us 
at 1-844-DFS-4MIL (1-844-337-4645) or if you are calling from 
outside the US at +1-801-451-3730. 
 
CLASS ACTION WAIVER. ARBITRATION MUST BE ON AN 
INDIVIDUAL BASIS.  THIS MEANS NEITHER YOU NOR WE MAY JOIN 
OR CONSOLIDATE CLAIMS IN ARBITRATION BY OR AGAINST 
OTHER CARDMEMBERS, OR LITIGATE IN COURT OR ARBITRATE 
ANY CLAIMS AS A REPRESENTATIVE OR MEMBER OF A CLASS OR 
IN A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL CAPACITY.
 
The arbitrator may award injunctive relief only in favor of the 
individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary 
to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual Claim. 
The arbitrator may not award class, representative, or public 
injunctive relief.   If a court decides that applicable law precludes 
enforcement of any of this paragraph’s limitations as to a particular 
Claim for relief, then after all appeals from that decision have been 
exhausted, that Claim (and only that Claim) must be severed from 
the arbitration and may be brought in court.  Only a court, and not 
an arbitrator, shall determine the validity, scope, and effect of the 
Class Action Waiver. 
 
Your and Our Right To Go To Small Claims Court.  You and we will 
not choose to arbitrate any individual Claim you or we bring in 
small claims court (or an equivalent court). This means you or 
we may bring an action in small claims court (or an equivalent 
court) without being subject to arbitration.  However, if a Claim 
is transferred, removed, or appealed from small claims court 
to a different court, or if any Claim brought in small claims court 
exceeds the small claims court limit, you or we may then choose 
to arbitrate.
 
Governing Law and Rules.  This arbitration agreement is governed 
by the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”).  Arbitration must proceed 
only with the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”).  The 
rules for the arbitration will be those in this arbitration agreement 
and the procedures of the AAA, but the rules in this arbitration 
agreement will be followed if there is disagreement between the 
agreement and the AAA’s procedures.  If the AAA’s procedures 
change after the Claim is filed, the procedures in effect when the 
Claim was filed will apply. 
 
For a copy of the AAA’s procedures, to file a Claim or for other 
information, please contact the AAA at 1101 Laurel Oak Rd., 
Voorhees, NJ 08043, www.adr.org.
 
If the AAA is completely unavailable, and if you and we cannot 
agree on a substitute, then either you or we may request that a 
court with jurisdiction appoint a substitute.
 
Fees and Costs.  If you wish to begin arbitration against us but 
you cannot afford to pay your share of the AAA’s or arbitrator’s 
costs and cannot obtain a waiver of costs from the AAA, we will 
advance those costs if you ask us in writing and are acting in good 
faith. Any request like this should be sent to Discover, P.O. Box 
30421, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0421. If you lose the arbitration, the 
arbitrator will decide whether you must reimburse us for money 
we advanced for you for the arbitration. If you win the arbitration, 
we will not ask for reimbursement of money we advanced.  
Additionally, if you win the arbitration, the arbitrator may decide 
that you are entitled to be reimbursed your reasonable attorneys’ 
fees and costs (if actually paid by you). The arbitrator may also 
allocate compensation, expenses, and administrative fees (which 
include filing and hearing fees) to any party upon the arbitrator’s 
determination that the party’s claim or counterclaim was filed for 
purposes of harassment or is patently frivolous.
 
ARBITRATION
Governing Law This Agreement is governed by applicable federal law and by Delaware law. However, in the event you default and we file a lawsuit to recover funds loaned to 
you, the statute of limitations of the state where the lawsuit is filed will apply, without regard to that state’s conflicts of laws principles or its “borrowing statute.”
Severability Except as set forth in the “Arbitration” section, if any part of this Agreement is found to be invalid, the rest of it will still remain in effect.
Enforcing this Agreement We may delay enforcing or not enforce any of our rights under this Agreement without losing or waiving any of them.
Assignment of Account We may sell, assign or transfer your Account or any portion of it without notice to you. You may not sell, assign or transfer your Account without 
first obtaining our prior written consent.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Purchases and Cash 
Advances in Foreign 
Currencies
If you make a Purchase or Cash Advance in a foreign currency, we 
will convert it to U.S. dollars using a rate we choose. This rate will 
either be a government-mandated rate, a government-published 
rate or the interbank exchange rate, depending on the country 
and currency in which the transaction is made. We use the rate in 
effect on the conversion date for the transaction. This rate may  
be different than the rate in effect on the Transaction Date for the 
transaction.
Unless we tell you otherwise, you can notify us: • by phone at 1-800-347-3085 or • in writing to Discover, P.O. Box 30943, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0943. When writing, please 
include your name, address, home phone number and Account number. You must contact us within 15 days after changing your email address, mailing address or phone number.
Oral Disclosures Before agreeing to this Agreement, in order to hear important disclosures and payment information about this Agreement, please call  
1- 844-  DFS-  4MIL (1-844-337-4645) anytime 24/7. If calling outside the U.S., you can contact us at +1-801-451-3730. 
Statement of MAPR Federal law provides important protections to members of the Armed 
Forces and their dependents relating to extensions of consumer 
credit. In general, the cost of consumer credit to a member of the 
Armed Forces and his or her dependent may not exceed an Annual 
Percentage Rate of 36 percent. This rate must include, as applicable to 
the credit transaction or account: (1) the costs associated with credit 
insurance premiums; (2) fees for ancillary products sold in connection 
with the credit transaction; (3) any application fee charged (other than 
certain application fees for specified credit transactions or accounts); 
and (4) any participation fee charged (other than certain participation 
fees for a credit card account). If you would like more information 
about whether this section applies to you, please contact us at 1-  844- 
DFS-  4MIL (1-844-337-4645) anytime 24/7. If calling outside the U.S., 
you can contact us at +1-801-451-3730.
MILITARY BORROWERS
-5-
Hearings and Decisions. Arbitration hearings will take place in the 
federal judicial district where you live. A single arbitrator will be 
appointed. The arbitrator must:
•  Follow all applicable substantive law, except when contradicted 
by the FAA;
• Follow applicable statutes of limitations;
• Honor valid claims of privilege; and
• Issue a written decision including the reasons for the award.
The arbitrator’s decision will be final and binding except for any 
review allowed by the FAA. However, if more than $100,000 
was genuinely in dispute, then either you or we may choose to 
appeal to a new panel of three arbitrators. The appellate panel is 
completely free to accept or reject the entire original award or any 
part of it. The appeal must be filed with the AAA not later than 30 
days after the original award issues. Appeal costs will be allocated 
consistent with the AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules and Due 
Process Protocol.
Any arbitration award may be enforced (such as through a 
judgment) in any court with jurisdiction. Any finding, award, or 
judgment from an arbitration of any Claim shall apply only to 
that arbitration. No finding, award, or judgment from any other 
arbitration shall impact the arbitration of any Claim.
 
Claim Notice and Special Payment. If you have a Claim, before 
initiating an arbitration proceeding, you may give us written notice 
of the Claim (“Claim Notice”) at least 30 days before initiating 
the arbitration proceeding. The Claim Notice must include your 
name, address, and account number and explain in reasonable 
detail the nature of the Claim and any supporting facts.  Any Claim 
Notice shall be sent to us at Discover, P.O. Box 794, Deerfield, IL 
60015 (or such other address as we shall subsequently provide 
to you). If, and only if, (1) you submit a Claim Notice in accordance 
with this agreement on your own behalf  (and not on behalf of 
any other party); and (2) an arbitrator, after finding in your favor 
in any respect on the merits of your Claim, issues you an award 
that (excluding any arbitration fees or attorneys’ fees and costs 
awarded by the arbitrator) is greater than the value of Discover’s 
last written settlement offer made before an arbitrator was 
selected, then you will be entitled to the amount of the award or 
$7,500, whichever is greater.  If you are entitled to the $7,500, you 
will receive in addition any arbitration fees or attorneys’ fees and 
costs awarded by the arbitrator.
 
Other Beneficiaries of this Agreement.  In addition to you and 
us, the rights and duties described in this arbitration agreement 
apply to: our Affiliates, successors, subsidiaries, and our and their 
officers, directors and employees; any third party co-defendant 
of a Claim subject to this arbitration agreement; and all joint 
Accountholders and Authorized Users of your Account(s).
Survival of this Agreement. This arbitration agreement shall 
survive:
• closing of your Account;
• voluntary payment of your Account or any part of it;
• any legal proceedings to collect money you owe;
• any bankruptcy by you; and
• any sale, assignment, or transfer by us of your Account.
You Have the Right to Reject Arbitration for this Account. You 
may reject the arbitration agreement but only if we receive from 
you a written notice of rejection within 30 days of your receipt 
of the Card after your Account is opened. You must send the 
notice of rejection to: Discover, P.O. Box 30938, Salt Lake City, UT  
84130-0938.
Your rejection notice must include your name, address, phone 
number, Account number and personal signature. No one else 
may sign the rejection notice for you. Your rejection notice 
must not be sent with any other correspondence. Rejection of 
arbitration will not affect your other rights or responsibilities under 
this Agreement. If you reject arbitration, neither you nor we will be 
subject to the arbitration agreement for this Account.  Rejection 
of arbitration for this Account will not constitute rejection of any 
prior or future arbitration agreement between you and us.
ARBITRATION
Your Billing Rights:
Keep This Document For Future Use 
This notice tells you about your rights and our responsibilities under the Fair Credit  
Billing Act.
What To Do If You Find A Mistake On Your Statement
If you think there is an error on your statement, write to us at:
Discover
P.O. Box 30421
Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0421.
You may also contact us on the Web: https://discover.com/billingerrornotice
In your letter or on the Web, please give us the following information:  
• Account information: Your name and account number. 
• Dollar amount: The dollar amount of the suspected error. 
•  Description of problem: If you think there is an error on your bill, describe what you 
believe is wrong and why you believe it is a mistake.
Y ou must contact us:
• Within 60 days after the error appeared on your statement.
•  By 5:00 P.M. ET on the date an automated payment is scheduled, if you want to 
stop payment on the amount you think is wrong. You must notify us of any potential 
errors in writing or electronically. You may call us, but if you do we are not necessarily 
required to investigate any potential errors and you may have to pay the amount 
 in question.
What Will Happen After We Receive Your Letter or Web Submission
When we receive your written or electronic notice, we must do two things:
1.   Within 30 days of receiving your notice, we must tell you that we received it. We will 
also tell you if we have already corrected the error.
2.  Within 90 days of receiving your notice, we must either correct the error or explain 
to you why we believe the bill is correct.
While we investigate whether or not there has been an error:
•  We cannot try to collect the amount in question, or report you as delinquent on  
that amount.
•  The charge in question may continue to appear on your statement.
•  While you do not have to pay the amount in question, you are responsible for the 
remainder of your balance.
• We can apply any unpaid amount against your credit limit.
After we finish our investigation, one of two things will happen:  
•  If we made a mistake: You will not have to pay the amount in question or any interest 
or other fees related to that amount.
•  If we do not believe there was a mistake: You will have to pay the amount in question, 
along with applicable interest and fees. We will send you a statement of the amount 
you owe and the date payment is due. We may then report you as delinquent if you do 
not pay the amount we think you owe.
If you receive our explanation but still believe your bill is wrong, you must write to us (or 
visit https://discover.com/billingerrornotice) within 10 days telling us that you still refuse 
to pay. If you do so, we cannot report you as delinquent without also reporting that you 
are questioning your bill. We must tell you the name of anyone to whom we reported 
you as delinquent, and we must let those organizations know when the matter has been 
settled between us.
If we do not follow all of the rules above, you do not have to pay the first $50 of the 
amount you question even if your bill is correct.
Your Rights If You Are Dissatisfied With Your Credit Card Purchases
If you are dissatisfied with the goods or services that you have purchased with your 
credit card, and you have tried in good faith to correct the problem with the merchant, 
you may have the right not to pay the remaining amount due on the purchase.
To use this right, all of the following must be true: 
1.  The purchase must have been made in your home state or within 100 miles of 
your current mailing address, and the purchase price must have been more than 
$50. (Note: Neither of these are necessary if your purchase was based on an 
advertisement we mailed to you, or if we own the company that sold you the goods 
or services.)
2.  You must have used your credit card for the purchase. Purchases made with cash 
advances from an ATM or with a check that accesses your credit card account do  
not qualify.
If all of the criteria above are met and you are still dissatisfied with the purchase, 
contact us in writing or electronically at:
Discover 
P.O. Box 30945 
Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0945
https://discover.com/billingerrornotice
While we investigate, the same rules apply to the disputed amount as discussed 
above. After we finish our investigation, we will tell you our decision. At that point, if 
we think you owe an amount and you do not pay, we may report you as delinquent.

=== AGREEMENT DISCOVER BANK / DNA_24_2054750_Prime Cardmember Agreement_032024-255536.pdf ===

This is an example of terms that were available to recent applicants as of 03/31/20. 
Pricing Schedule is part of the Cardmember Agreement.
PRICING SCHEDULE
Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases From 13.49% to 24.49%. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.1
APR for Balance Transfers From 13.49% to 24.49%. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.1
APR for Cash Advances 26.49%. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.1
Penalty APR and When It Applies None
Paying Interest
Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period (at least 23 days for billing periods that begin in February). We will 
not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. We will begin charging interest on 
transaction 
posted to your Account.
Minimum Interest Charge If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50.
Fees
Annual Fee None 
Balance Transfer Fee 5% of the amount of each transfer.
Cash Advance Fee Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Late Fee None $39.
Returned Payment Fee Up to $39.
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We will use a method called “daily balance (including current transactions)”. See the Cardmember Agreement for details.
1  The purchase and balance transfer APR is equal to the Prime Rate plus a margin from 8.74% to 19.74%.
The Cash Advance APR is equal to the Prime Rate plus a margin of 21.74%.
-1-
©2020 Discover Bank, Member 
FDIC CMAPRDI033120
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases From 17.24% to 28.24%. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.1
APR for Balance Transfers From 17.24% to 28.24%. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.1
APR for Cash Advances 29.99%. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.2
Penalty APR and When It Applies None
Paying Interest
Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period (at least 23 days for billing periods that begin in 
February). We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. We 
will begin charging interest on cash advances and balance transfers as of the later of the transaction date or the first day of the 
billing period in which the transaction posted to your account. 
Minimum Interest Charge If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50
Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Fee None
Balance Transfer Fee 5% of the amount of each transfer.
Cash Advance Fee Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Late Fee None the first time you pay late. After that, up to $41
Returned Payment Fee Up to $41
Fees
This is an example of terms that were available to recent applicants as of 03/31/24. They may not be available now. If you apply, your terms will be based on that offer. 
This Pricing Schedule is part of the Cardmember Agreement
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We will use a method called “daily balance (including current transactions).” See the Cardmember Agreement for details.
1The purchase and balance transfer APR is equal to the Prime Rate plus a margin from 8.74% to 19.74%.
2The Cash Advance APR is equal to the Prime Rate plus a margin of 21.74%.
-1-
©2024 Discover Bank, Member FDIC
CMAPRDI033124
©2024 Discover Bank, Member FDIC
Thank you for choosing Discover® card. This Agreement explains the current terms and conditions of your Account. The enclosed Pricing Schedule is part of this Agreement. Please read  
this Agreement, including the Pricing Schedule, carefully. Keep them for your records. Contact us if you have any questions. We have included a “Definitions” section for your reference on page 3.
ACCEPTANCE OF AGREEMENT
    You  accept  this Agreement if you do not cancel your Account within 30 days after receiving a Card. You also accept this Agreement if you or an Authorized  
User use the Account. You may, however, reject the “Arbitration of Disputes” section as explained in that section.
CHANGES TO YOUR AGREEMENT
    The rates, fees and terms of this Agreement may change from time to time. We may add or delete any term to this Agreement. If required by law,  
we will give you advance written notice of the change(s) and a right to reject the change(s). We will not charge any fee or interest charge prohibited by law.
USING YOUR ACCOUNT
Permitted Uses You may use your Account for Purchases, Balance Transfers and Cash Advances. You may not use it for illegal transactions.
Authorized Users  You may request additional Cards for Authorized Users to make transactions on your Account. You must notify us if you wish to cancel the 
authority of an Authorized User to use your Account. You are responsible for all charges made by your Authorized Users.
Joint Accounts   If your Account is a joint Account 
• each of you agrees to be liable individually and jointly for the entire amount owed on the Account; and 
• any notice we mail to an address provided by either of you for the Account will serve as notice to both of you.
Checks  If we provide you with Checks, we will tell you whether we will treat the Check as a Purchase, Balance Transfer or Cash Advance. You may not 
use these Checks to pay any amount you owe us.
Credit Authorizations  We may not authorize a transaction for security or other reasons. We will not be liable to you if we decline to authorize a transaction or if anyone 
refuses your Card, Check or Account number.
Credit Lines 
CARDMEMBER AGREEMENT
-2-
We will tell you what your Account credit line is. You must keep your 
Account balance below your Account credit line. If you do not, we 
may request immediate payment of the amount by which you exceed 
it. We may establish a lower credit line for Cash Advances. We may 
increase or decrease your Account credit line or your Cash Advance 
credit line without notice. We may delay increasing your available 
credit by the amount of any payment that we receive for up to 10 
business days.
 Your Pricing Schedule may include variable APRs. These APRs are 
determined by adding the number of percentage points that we 
specify to the Prime Rate. Variable APRs will increase or decrease 
when the Prime Rate changes. The APR change will take effect  
on the first day of the billing period that begins during the same 
calendar month that the Prime Rate changes. An increase in the APR 
will increase your interest charges and may increase your Minimum 
Payment Due. Your variable APRs will never be less than zero or higher 
than 29.99%.
 We will not charge a Late Fee the first time you do not make the 
Minimum Payment Due by the Payment Due Date. After that, if you do 
not pay the Minimum Payment Due by the Payment Due Date, we will 
charge you a Late Fee. The fee is $30, if you were not charged a Late 
Fee during any of the prior six billing periods. Otherwise, the fee is $41. 
This fee will never exceed the Minimum Payment Due that was due 
immediately prior to the date on which the fee was assessed.
If you make a payment that is not honored by your financial institution, we 
will charge you a Returned Payment Fee even if the payment is honored 
after we re-submit it. The fee is $30 if you were not charged a Returned 
Payment Fee during any of the prior six billing periods. Otherwise, the fee 
is $41. This fee will never exceed the Minimum Payment Due that was due 
immediately prior to the date on which the payment was returned to us
•  You must pay in U.S. dollars. Please do not send cash. Sending cash is not 
allowed. All checks must be drawn on funds on deposit in the U.S. 
•  You must pay us for all amounts due on your Account. This includes charges 
made by Authorized Users.
•  We may refuse to accept a payment in a foreign currency. If we do accept it,  
we will charge your Account our cost to convert it to U.S. dollars.
•   We can accept late payments, partial payments or payments marked  
“payment in full” or with any other restrictive endorsement without losing 
any of our rights under this Agreement.
•  We credit your payments in accordance with the terms contained on your  
billing statement.
•  If you mail your payment to an address other than the address designated 
on your billing statement, there may be a delay in processing and crediting 
the payment to your Account.
•  If a third party makes a payment on your Account and we return all or a 
part of such payment, then we may adjust your Account for any amount 
returned. We reserve the right to defend ourselves against any demand 
to return funds we have received, and may agree to a compromise of the 
demanded amount as part of a settlement.
You may pay the entire New Balance shown on your billing statement at any 
time. Each billing period you must pay at least the Minimum Payment Due 
by the Payment Due Date shown on your billing statement. The Minimum 
Payment Due will be any amount past due plus the greater of:
• $35; or
• 2% of the New Balance shown on your billing statement; or
•  $20, plus any of the following charges as shown on your billing statement: 
fees for any debt protection product that you enrolled in on or after 2/1/2015; 
Interest Charges; and Late Fees.
The Minimum Payment Due may also include amounts by which you exceed 
your Account credit line. However, it will never exceed the New Balance. 
When we calculate the Minimum Payment Due, we may subtract from the 
New Balance certain fees added to your Account during the billing period. 
The Minimum Payment Due is rounded up to the nearest dollar.
Late Fee
Returned Payment 
Fee
ANNUAL PERCENTAGE RATES (“APRs”) (See your Pricing Schedule for the APRs that apply to your Account)
Variable APRs
MAKING PAYMENTS
Minimum Payment Due
Payment Instructions
FEES (See your Pricing Schedule for Additional Fees)
Penalty APR None
-3-
 We calculate interest charges each billing period by first figuring the “daily 
balance” for each Transaction Category. Transaction Categories include 
standard Purchases, standard Cash Advances and different promotional 
balances, such as Balance Transfers.
How We Figure the Daily Balance for Each Transaction Category
•  We start with the beginning balance for each day. The beginning balance 
for the first day of the billing period is your balance on the last day of your 
previous billing period.
•  We add any interest charges accrued on the previous day’s daily balance 
and any new transactions and fees. We add any new transactions or fees 
as of the later of the Transaction Date or the first day of the billing period in 
which the transaction or fee posted to your Account.
• We subtract any new credits and payments.
•  We make other adjustments (including those adjustments required in the 
“Paying Interest” section).
How We Figure Your Total Interest Charges
•  We multiply the daily balance for each Transaction Category by its daily periodic 
rate. We do this for each day in the billing period. This gives us the interest charges  
for each Transaction Category. To get a daily periodic rate, we divide the 
APR that applies to the Transaction Category by 365.
•  We add up all the daily interest charges. The sum is the total interest charge 
for the billing period.
•  Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, the interest calculation may 
vary from the interest charge actually assessed.
How We Include Fees
 We add Balance Transfer Fees to the applicable Balance Transfer Transaction 
Category. We add Cash Advance Fees to the applicable Cash Advance 
Transaction Category. We add all other fees to the standard Purchase 
Transaction Category.
 When Interest Charges Begin
We begin to impose interest charges on a transaction, fee or interest 
charge from the day we add it to the daily balance. We continue to 
impose interest charges until you pay the total amount you owe us. You 
can avoid paying interest on Purchases as described below. However, you 
cannot avoid paying interest on Balance Transfers or Cash Advances.
 How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases (“Grace Period”)
If you pay the New Balance on your current billing statement by the 
Payment Due Date shown on that billing statement, we will not impose 
interest charges on New Purchases. New Purchases are Purchases that 
first appear on the next billing statement. Interest will continue to accrue 
each day on Purchases that appeared on previous billing statements until 
you pay the New Balance in full and will be billed in the next billing cycle.
How We Apply Payments May Impact Y our Grace Period
If you do not pay your New Balance in full each month, then, depending 
on the balance to which we apply your payment, you may not get a grace 
period on new Purchases.
How We Calculate 
Interest Charges—
Daily Balance Method 
(including current 
transactions)  
Merchant Disputes If you have a dispute with a merchant, you may request a credit to your Account. If we resolve the dispute in your favor, we will issue a credit to your Account. 
You assign to us your claim for the credited amount against the merchant and/or any third party. At our request, you agree to provide this assignment in writing.
Default
Automatic Account 
Information Updates
You may set up automatic billing or store your Account information with 
an Affiliate, merchant, wallet provider, or other third party (“Permitted 
Party”). If you do, you authorize us to share your Account information, 
which may include your rewards account balance, with the Permitted 
Party, regarding the use of your Account. If your Account information 
changes, which may include your billing address, you authorize us to 
provide this updated information to any such Permitted Party at our 
discretion. You must contact the Permitted Party directly or remove 
your credit card information from the Permitted Party website if you 
wish to stop automatic billing or Account updates.
Collection Costs If we use an attorney to collect your Account, we may charge you our legal costs as permitted by law. These include reasonable attorneys’ 
fees, court or other collection costs, and fees and costs of any appeal. 
Credit Reporting 
Agency Information
You authorize us to get information from credit reporting agencies and 
other sources for servicing or review of your Account, collection and 
any other use permitted by law, including to consider you for other 
products and services. We may report the status and payment history 
of your Account to credit reporting agencies and other creditors. We 
normally report to credit reporting agencies each month. If you believe 
that information we reported is inaccurate or incomplete, please write 
us at Discover, P.O. Box 30939, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0939. Please 
include your name, address, home phone number and Account 
number.
Our Privacy Policy We send you our Privacy Policy when you open your Account. 
Contact us or visit Discover.com if you would like a copy. Please read 
it carefully. It summarizes:  
•   the personal information we collect;
•   how we safeguard its confidentiality and security;  
•   when it may be shared with others; and  
•   how you can limit our sharing of this information.
Unauthorized Use You must notify us immediately if:
• your Card is lost or stolen; or 
•  you believe someone is using your Account or a Card without your 
permission.
Our Communications  
with You
You agree that we, our Affiliates, and agents, including service providers 
(“Authorized Parties”) may contact you, including calls, text message or 
email, about any current or future accounts or applications, with respect to all 
products you have with us at any phone number or email (i) you have provided 
to us, (ii) from which you contacted us, or (iii) which we obtained and believe 
we can reach you at, even if your phone provider may charge you message 
and data rates for calls or texts. You agree that the Authorized Parties may 
record or monitor any calls between you and the Authorized Parties. You 
agree to notify us if you change or discontinue using any phone number 
you provide. You agree that the Authorized Parties may contact you using an 
automatic dialer or pre-recorded voice message. If you no longer wish to be 
contacted on your cell phone by an automated dialer or pre-recorded voice 
message, you must provide us written notice cancelling your consent at this 
address: Discover Bank, P.O. Box 30937, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0937. The 
written notice must include: your name, mailing address, the last four digits of 
your Account number and the specific cell phone number(s) for which you 
would like to cancel your consent to be contacted by an automated dialer or 
pre-recorded voice message.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
How We Apply Payments
MAKING PAYMENTS
INTEREST CHARGES
Paying Interest
You are in default if:
•  you file bankruptcy or another insolvency proceeding is filed by you or 
against you;
•  we have a reasonable belief that you are unable or unwilling to repay 
your obligations to us;
• you die or are legally declared incompetent or incapacitated; 
•  you fail to comply with the terms of this Agreement or any Agreement 
with us or an Affiliate, including failing to make a required payment 
when due, exceeding your Account credit line or using your Card or 
Account for an illegal transaction.
If you are in default, we may declare the entire balance of your Account 
immediately due and payable without notice.
 We apply payments and credits at our discretion, including in a manner 
most favorable or convenient for us. In all cases, we will apply payments 
and credits as required by applicable law. 
Each billing period, we will generally apply amounts you pay that exceed 
the Minimum Payment Due to balances with higher APRs before balances 
with lower APRs as of the date we credit your payment.
-4-
Governing Law
Oral Disclosures
This Agreement is governed by applicable federal law and by Delaware law. However, in the event you default and we file a lawsuit to recover funds loaned to 
you, the statute of limitations of the state where the lawsuit is filed will apply, without regard to that state’s conflicts of laws principles or its “borrowing statute.”
Before agreeing to this Agreement, in order to hear important disclosures and payment information about this Agreement, please call  
1- 844-  DFS-  4MIL (1-844-337-4645) anytime 24/7. If calling outside the U.S. you can contact us at +1-801-451-3730. 
Severability Except as set forth in the “Arbitration” section, if any part of this Agreement is found to be invalid, the rest of it will still remain in effect.
Enforcing this Agreement We may delay enforcing or not enforce any of our rights under this Agreement without losing or waiving any of them.
Assignment of Account We may sell, assign or transfer your Account or any portion of it without notice to you. You may not sell, assign or transfer your Account without 
first obtaining our prior written consent.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Purchases and Cash  
Advances in Foreign  
Currencies
Statement of MAPR
If you make a Purchase or Cash Advance in a foreign currency, we will convert 
it to U.S. dollars using a rate we choose. This rate will either be a government-
mandated rate, a government-published rate or the interbank exchange rate, 
depending on the country and currency in which the transaction is made. We 
use the rate in effect on the conversion date for the transaction. This rate may 
be different than the rate in effect on the Transaction Date for the transaction.
Federal law provides important protections to members of the Armed 
Forces and their dependents relating to extensions of consumer credit. 
In general, the cost of consumer credit to a member of the Armed Forces 
and his or her dependent may not exceed an Annual Percentage Rate of 
36 percent. This rate must include, as applicable to the credit transaction 
or account: (1) the costs associated with credit insurance premiums; (2) 
fees for ancillary products sold in connection with the credit transaction; 
(3) any application fee charged (other than certain application fees for 
specified credit transactions or accounts); and (4) any participation fee 
charged (other than certain participation fees for a credit card account). 
If you would like more information about whether this section applies 
to you, please contact us at 1- 844- DFS- 4MIL (1-844-337-4645) anytime 
24/7. If calling outside the U.S. you can contact us at +1-801-451-3730.
CONTACT US
MILITARY BORROWERS
“Account” means your Discover card account.
“Affiliate” means our parent corporations, subsidiaries and affiliates.
“  Authorized User” means any person you authorize to use your Account or a Card, whether you 
notify us or not.
“Balance Transfer” means a balance transferred from another creditor to your Account.
“ Card” means any one or more Discover cards issued to you or someone else with your 
authorization.
“Cash Advance” means the use of your Account for:
  •  obtaining cash from participating automated teller machines, financial institutions or other 
locations; and
  •  online gambling, or to purchase lottery tickets, money orders, casino chips, foreign currency 
or similar items.
“Check” means any check we send to you to access your Account.
“ Pricing Schedule” means the document entitled “Pricing Schedule, ” which lists the APRs that 
apply to your Account and other important information.
“ Prime Rate” means the highest rate of interest listed as the U.S. Prime rate in the Money Rates 
section of the online Wall Street Journal (www.wsj.com) on the last business day of the month.
“ Purchase” means the use of your Account to purchase or lease goods or services at  
participating merchants.
“We,” “us” and “our” refer to Discover Bank, the issuer of your Card.
“ You,” “your” or “yours” refer to you and any other person(s) who are also contractually liable 
under this Agreement.
“Transaction Date” means the date shown on your billing statement for a transaction or fee.
DEFINITIONS
Agreement to Arbitrate. In the event of a dispute between 
you and us arising out of or relating to this Account or the 
relationships resulting from this Account or any other dispute 
between you or us, including, for example, a dispute based on 
a federal or state statute or local ordinance (“Claim”), either you 
or we may choose to resolve the Claim by binding arbitration, 
as described below, instead of in court.  Any Claim (except for a 
Claim challenging the validity or enforceability of this arbitration 
agreement, including the Class Action Waiver) may be resolved 
by binding arbitration if either party requests it.  THIS MEANS IF 
EITHER YOU OR WE CHOOSE ARBITRATION, NEITHER PARTY 
WILL HAVE THE RIGHT TO LITIGATE SUCH CLAIM IN COURT 
OR TO HAVE A JURY TRIAL.  ALSO DISCOVERY AND APPEAL 
RIGHTS ARE LIMITED IN ARBITRATION.
Even if all parties have opted to litigate a Claim in court, you or 
we may elect arbitration with respect to any Claim made by a 
new party or any new Claims later asserted in that lawsuit.  
This arbitration agreement does not apply if, on the date you 
submit your Application or on the date we seek to invoke this 
arbitration agreement, you are a member of the Armed Forces 
or a dependent of such a member covered by the federal 
Military Lending Act.  If you would like more information about 
whether you are covered by the Military Lending Act, please 
contact us at 1-844-DFS-4MIL (1-844-337-4645) or if you are 
calling from outside the US at +1-801-451-3730.  
CLASS ACTION WAIVER.  ARBITRATION MUST BE ON AN 
INDIVIDUAL BASIS.  THIS MEANS NEITHER YOU NOR WE MAY 
JOIN OR CONSOLIDATE CLAIMS IN ARBITRATION BY OR 
AGAINST OTHER CARDMEMBERS, OR LITIGATE IN COURT OR 
ARBITRATE ANY CLAIMS AS A REPRESENTATIVE OR MEMBER 
OF A CLASS OR IN A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL CAPACITY.
The arbitrator may award injunctive relief only in favor of 
the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent 
necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual 
Claim. The arbitrator may not award class, representative, or 
public injunctive relief.   If a court decides that applicable law 
precludes enforcement of any of this paragraph’s limitations 
as to a particular Claim for relief, then after all appeals from that 
decision have been exhausted, that Claim (and only that Claim) 
must be severed from the arbitration and may be brought in 
court.  Only a court, and not an arbitrator, shall determine the 
validity, scope, and effect of the Class Action Waiver.  
Your and Our Right To Go To Small Claims Court.  You and we will 
not choose to arbitrate any individual Claim you or we bring in 
small claims court (or an equivalent court). This means you or 
we may bring an action in small claims court (or an equivalent 
court) without being subject to arbitration.  However, if a Claim 
is transferred, removed, or appealed from small claims court to 
a different court, or if any Claim brought in small claims court 
exceeds the small claims court limit, you or we may then 
choose to arbitrate.
Governing Law and Rules.  This arbitration agreement is 
governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”).  Arbitration 
must proceed only with the American Arbitration Association 
(“AAA”). The rules for the arbitration will be those in this 
arbitration agreement and the procedures of the AAA, but 
the rules in this arbitration agreement will be followed if there 
is disagreement between the agreement and the AAA’s 
procedures.  If the AAA’s procedures change after the Claim 
is filed, the procedures in effect when the Claim was filed  
will apply.  
ARBITRATION
Unless we tell you otherwise, you can notify us: • by phone at 1-800-347-3085 or • in writing to Discover, P.O. Box 30943, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0943. When writing, please include 
your name, address, home phone number and Account number. You must contact us within 15 days after changing your email address, mailing address or phone number.
Cancellation of 
Your Account
•  You may cancel your Account. You will remain responsible for any 
amount you owe us under this Agreement. 
•  Any joint Accountholder may cancel a joint Account. However, 
both of you will remain responsible for paying all amounts owed.  
•    We may cancel, suspend or not renew your Account at any time 
without notice.
CMAPRDI033124
23_1877650_Q4_Pricing_01_Prime_091223
-5-
For a copy of the AAA’s procedures, to file a Claim or for other 
information, please contact the AAA at 1101 Laurel Oak Rd., 
Voorhees, NJ 08043, www.adr.org.
If the AAA is completely unavailable, and if you and we cannot 
agree on a substitute, then either you or we may request that a 
court with jurisdiction appoint a substitute.
Fees and Costs.  If you wish to begin arbitration against us but 
you cannot afford to pay your share of the AAA’s or arbitrator’s 
costs and cannot obtain a waiver of costs from the AAA, we 
will advance those costs if you ask us in writing and are acting 
in good faith. Any request like this should be sent to Discover, 
P.O. Box 30421, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0421. If you lose the 
arbitration, the arbitrator will decide whether you must 
reimburse us for money we advanced for you for the arbitration. 
If you win the arbitration, we will not ask for reimbursement of 
money we advanced.  Additionally, if you win the arbitration, the 
arbitrator may decide that you are entitled to be reimbursed 
your reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs (if actually paid by 
you). The arbitrator may also allocate compensation, expenses, 
and administrative fees (which include filing and hearing fees) 
to any party upon the arbitrator’s determination that the party’s 
claim or counterclaim was filed for purposes of harassment or 
is patently frivolous.
Hearings and Decisions. Arbitration hearings will take place in 
the federal judicial district where you live. A single arbitrator will 
be appointed. The arbitrator must:
•  Follow all applicable substantive law, except when 
contradicted by the FAA;
• Follow applicable statutes of limitations;
• Honor valid claims of privilege; and
• Issue a written decision including the reasons for the award.
The arbitrator’s decision will be final and binding except for any 
review allowed by the FAA. However, if more than $100,000 
was genuinely in dispute, then either you or we may choose to 
appeal to a new panel of three arbitrators. The appellate panel 
is completely free to accept or reject the entire original award 
or any part of it. The appeal must be filed with the AAA not later 
than 30 days after the original award issues. Appeal costs will 
be allocated consistent with the AAA’s Consumer Arbitration 
Rules and Due Process Protocol. 
Any arbitration award may be enforced (such as through a 
judgment) in any court with jurisdiction. Any finding, award, or 
judgment from an arbitration of any Claim shall apply only to 
that arbitration. No finding, award, or judgment from any other 
arbitration shall impact the arbitration of any Claim.
Claim Notice and Special Payment. If you have a Claim, before 
initiating an arbitration proceeding, you may give us written 
notice of the Claim (“Claim Notice”) at least 30 days before 
initiating the arbitration proceeding. The Claim Notice must 
include your name, address, and account number and explain 
in reasonable detail the nature of the Claim and any supporting 
facts.  Any Claim Notice shall be sent to us at Discover, P.O. 
Box 794, Deerfield, IL 60015 (or such other address as we shall 
subsequently provide to you). If, and only if, (1) you submit a Claim 
Notice in accordance with this agreement on your own behalf  
(and not on behalf of any other party); and (2) an arbitrator, after 
finding in your favor in any respect on the merits of your Claim, 
issues you an award that (excluding any arbitration fees or 
attorneys’ fees and costs awarded by the arbitrator) is greater 
than the value of Discover’s last written settlement offer made 
before an arbitrator was selected, then you will be entitled 
to the amount of the award or $7,500, whichever is greater.  
If you are entitled to the $7,500, you will receive in addition 
any arbitration fees or attorneys’ fees and costs awarded by  
the arbitrator. 
 
Other Beneficiaries of this Agreement. In addition to you and us, 
the rights and duties described in this arbitration agreement 
apply to: our Affiliates, successors, subsidiaries, and our and 
their officers, directors and employees; any third party co-
defendant of a Claim subject to this arbitration agreement; 
and all joint Accountholders and Authorized Users of your 
Account(s).
Survival of this Agreement.   This arbitration agreement shall 
survive:
• closing of your Account;
• voluntary payment of your Account or any part of it;
• any legal proceedings to collect money you owe;
• any bankruptcy by you; and
• any sale, assignment, or transfer by us of your Account.
You Have the Right to Reject Arbitration for this Account. You 
may reject the arbitration agreement but only if we receive from 
you a written notice of rejection within 30 days of your receipt 
of the Card after your Account is opened. You must send the 
notice of rejection to: Discover, P.O. Box 30938, Salt Lake City, UT 
84130-0938. 
Your rejection notice must include your name, address, phone 
number, Account number and personal signature. No one else 
may sign the rejection notice for you. Your rejection notice 
must not be sent with any other correspondence. Rejection 
of arbitration will not affect your other rights or responsibilities 
under this Agreement. If you reject arbitration, neither you nor 
we will be subject to the arbitration agreement for this Account.  
Rejection of arbitration for this Account will not constitute 
rejection of any prior or future arbitration agreement between 
you and us.
ARBITRATION
Your Billing Rights:
Keep This Document For Future Use 
This notice tells you about your rights and our responsibilities under the Fair 
Credit Billing Act. 
What To Do If You Find A Mistake On Your Statement
If you think there is an error on your statement, write to us at:
Discover
P.O. Box 30421
Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0421.
You may also contact us on the Web: https://discover.com/billingerrornotice
In your letter or on the Web, please give us the following information: 
• Account information: Your name and account number. 
• Dollar amount: The dollar amount of the suspected error. 
•  Description of problem: If you think there is an error on your bill, describe 
what you believe is wrong and why you believe it is a mistake.
Y ou must contact us:
• Within 60 days after the error appeared on your statement.
•  By 5:00 P.M. ET on the date an automated payment is scheduled, if you want 
to stop payment on the amount you think is wrong. You must notify us of any 
potential errors in writing or electronically. You may call us, but if you do we 
are not necessarily required to investigate any potential errors and you may 
have to pay the amount in question.
What Will Happen After We Receive Your Letter or Web Submission
When we receive your written or electronic notice, we must do two things:
1.   Within 30 days of receiving your notice, we must tell you that we received it. 
We will also tell you if we have already corrected the error.
2.  Within 90 days of receiving your notice, we must either correct the error or 
explain to you why we believe the bill is correct.
While we investigate whether or not there has been an error:
•  We cannot try to collect the amount in question, or report you as delinquent 
on that amount.
•  The charge in question may continue to appear on your statement.
•  While you do not have to pay the amount in question, you are responsible for 
the remainder of your balance.
• We can apply any unpaid amount against your credit limit.
 
After we finish our investigation, one of two things will happen: 
•  If we made a mistake: You will not have to pay the amount in question or any 
interest or other fees related to that amount.
•  If we do not believe there was a mistake: You will have to pay the amount 
in question, along with applicable interest and fees. We will send you a 
statement of the amount you owe and the date payment is due. We may 
then report you as delinquent if you do not pay the amount we think  
you owe.
If you receive our explanation but still believe your bill is wrong, you must write 
to us (or visit https://discover.com/billingerrornotice) within 10 days telling us 
that you still refuse to pay. If you do so, we cannot report you as delinquent 
without also reporting that you are questioning your bill. We must tell you the 
name of anyone to whom we reported you as delinquent, and we must let 
those organizations know when the matter has been settled between us.
If we do not follow all of the rules above, you do not have to pay the first $50 of 
the amount you question even if your bill is correct.
Your Rights If You Are Dissatisfied With Your Credit Card Purchases
If you are dissatisfied with the goods or services that you have purchased with 
your credit card, and you have tried in good faith to correct the problem with 
the merchant, you may have the right not to pay the remaining amount due 
on the purchase.
To use this right, all of the following must be true: 
1.  The purchase must have been made in your home state or within 100 miles 
of your current mailing address, and the purchase price must have been 
more than $50. (Note: Neither of these are necessary if your purchase was 
based on an advertisement we mailed to you, or if we own the company 
that sold you the goods or services.)
2.  You must have used your credit card for the purchase. Purchases made 
with cash advances from an ATM or with a check that accesses your credit 
card account do not qualify.
If all of the criteria above are met and you are still dissatisfied with the purchase, 
contact us in writing or electronically at:
Discover 
P.O. Box 30945 
Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0945 
https://discover.com/billingerrornotice
While we investigate, the same rules apply to the disputed amount as discussed 
above. After we finish our investigation, we will tell you our decision. At that 
point, if we think you owe an amount and you do not pay, we may report you 
as delinquent.

=== AGREEMENT DISCOVER BANK / DNA_24_2054750_Secured Cardmember Agreement_032024-255534.pdf ===

-1-
©2024 Discover Bank, Member FDIC
CMASECDI033124
This is an example of terms that were available to recent applicants as of 03/31/20. 
Pricing Schedule is part of the Cardmember Agreement.
PRICING SCHEDULE
Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases From 13.49% to 24.49%. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.1
APR for Balance Transfers From 13.49% to 24.49%. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.1
APR for Cash Advances 26.49%. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.1
Penalty APR and When It Applies None
Paying Interest
Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period (at least 23 days for billing periods that begin in February). We will 
not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. We will begin charging interest on 
transaction 
posted to your Account.
Minimum Interest Charge If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50.
Fees
Annual Fee None 
Balance Transfer Fee 5% of the amount of each transfer.
Cash Advance Fee Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Late Fee None $39.
Returned Payment Fee Up to $39.
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We will use a method called “daily balance (including current transactions)”. See the Cardmember Agreement for details.
1  The purchase and balance transfer APR is equal to the Prime Rate plus a margin from 8.74% to 19.74%.
The Cash Advance APR is equal to the Prime Rate plus a margin of 21.74%.
-1-
©2020 Discover Bank, Member 
FDIC CMAPRDI033120
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases 28.24%. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.1
APR for Balance Transfers 28.24%. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.1
APR for Cash Advances 29.99%. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.2
Penalty APR and When It Applies None
Paying Interest
Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period (at least 23 days for billing periods that begin in 
February). We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. We 
will begin charging interest on cash advances and balance transfers as of the later of the transaction date or the first day of the 
billing period in which the transaction posted to your account. 
Minimum Interest Charge If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50
Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Fee None
Balance Transfer Fee 5% of the amount of each transfer.
Cash Advance Fee Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Late Fee None the first time you pay late. After that, up to $41
Returned Payment Fee Up to $41
Fees
This is an example of terms that were available to recent applicants as of 03/31/24. They may not be available now. If you apply, your terms will be based on that offer. 
This Pricing Schedule is part of the Cardmember Agreement
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We will use a method called “daily balance (including current transactions).” See the Cardmember Agreement for details.
1The purchase and balance transfer APR is equal to the Prime Rate plus a margin of 19.74%.
2The Cash Advance APR is equal to the Prime Rate plus a margin of 21.74%. 
-2-
SECURITY AGREEMENT
This is the Security Agreement for your Discover it® Secured Credit Card Account (“Account”). The words “you,” “your,” and “yours” mean you and any other 
person(s) who are contractually liable under the Cardmember Agreement governing the Account. The words “our,” “us,” and “we” mean Discover Bank. 
“Business days” are Monday through Friday, excluding Federal Reserve Bank holidays.
Security Deposit Account  In consideration of and as a condition to our opening the Account for you and other good and valuable consideration, you are providing funds from an 
account in your name to serve as security for your Account (“Funds”). We will hold these Funds in an account (“Security Deposit Account”) under our 
exclusive control. You must maintain this Security Deposit Account as security for the Account, and you grant us a security interest in the Security Deposit 
Account. This Security Deposit Account will include any and all future extensions, renewals, or replacements of the Security Deposit Account. No portion of 
the Security Deposit Account may be used to secure other loans. The minimum amount required to be deposited is the amount of your initial Account credit 
line but will not be less than $200. You may make a transfer to the Security Deposit Account solely for purposes of funding your required security deposit. 
The Security Deposit Account will be solely owned by you. Funds in Discover Bank Security Deposit Accounts are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation (“FDIC”) up to the maximum allowable limits. For more detailed information on FDIC coverage, contact the FDIC directly at 1-877-ASKFDIC 
(1-877-275-3342), (TDD: 1-800-925-4618) or visit www.fdic.gov. Discover will maintain separate records to account for your Funds. 
Withdrawals  You will not be permitted to make withdrawals from the Security Deposit Account. (See Return of Funds Section below for terms and conditions regarding 
return of the Funds and closure of your Account.)
Additional Funds  Other than depositing Funds to secure your Account, you will not be permitted to make deposits to the Security Deposit Account.
Security Deposit Account 
Statements
You will get a monthly Security Deposit Account statement as part of your Account statement.
Electronic Fund Transfers 
to or from your Security 
Deposit Account
You may fund your Security Deposit Account with an electronic fund transfer (“Transfer”). If we do not complete a Transfer to your Security Deposit 
Account on time or in the correct amount according to our agreement with you, we will be liable for your losses or damages. However, we will not be 
liable if circumstances beyond our control (such as fire or flood) prevent the transfer, despite reasonable precautions that we have taken. In case of errors 
or questions about your funding Transfers call us at 1-800-347-3085 or write us at P.O. Box 30943, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0943 as soon as you can, if you 
think your statement is wrong or if you need more information about a funding Transfer listed on the statement. We must hear from you no later than 60 
days after we sent the FIRST statement on which the problem or error appeared. (1) Tell us your name and Account number. (2) Describe the error or the 
Transfer you are unsure about, and explain as clearly as you can why you believe it is an error or why you need more information. (3) Tell us the dollar amount 
of the suspected error. If you tell us orally, we may require that you send us your complaint or question in writing within 10 business days. We will determine 
whether an error occurred within 10 business days after we hear from you and will correct any error promptly. If we need more time, however, we may take 
up to 45 days to investigate your complaint or question. If we decide to do this, we will credit your Security Deposit Account within 10 business days for the 
amount you think is in error (if applicable), during the time it takes us to complete our investigation. If we ask you to put your complaint or question in writing 
and we do not receive it within 10 business days, we may not credit your Security Deposit Account (if applicable). For errors involving a new Security Deposit 
Account, we may take up to 90 days to investigate your complaint or question. For a new Security Deposit Account, we may take up to 20 business days to 
credit your Security Deposit Account (if applicable) for the amount you think is in error. We will tell you the results within three business days after completing 
our investigation. If we decide that there was no error, we will send you a written explanation. You may ask for copies of the documents that we used in our 
investigation.
Pledge and Grant of  
Security Interest
You understand that granting us a security interest in the Security Deposit Account and the Funds is a necessary condition for opening your Account. As 
security for the prompt payment and performance of all your obligations to us arising pursuant to the Account (“Obligations”), you hereby grant a security 
interest to us in all of your right, title, and interest in the Security Deposit Account and any and all Funds, including all proceeds of and additions to the Security 
Deposit Account and the Funds. We may increase or decrease your Account credit line and no such action shall change the fact that the Security Deposit 
Account and the Funds are held by us as security for the Obligations. You represent that there are no current lawsuits or bankruptcy proceedings that might 
affect our interest in the Security Deposit Account or the Funds. You have not and will not attempt to transfer or offer any interest in the Security Deposit 
Account or the Funds to any person other than us. You and we acknowledge that subject to our possession of and security interest in the Security Deposit 
Account and the Funds, you retain beneficial ownership of the Security Deposit Account and the Funds for FDIC insurance purposes.
Interest on Funds No interest will be paid on the Funds. If we do pay interest in the future, we will add it to the Security Deposit Account. 
Application of Funds to  
the Account
If you are in default under the Cardmember Agreement or the Account is closed for any reason, you authorize us at any time(s) to withdraw all or any portion 
of the Funds from the Security Deposit Account and apply them to reduce your Obligations. Any such application of Funds will not constitute any part of the 
Minimum Payment Due under the Cardmember Agreement. You will continue to be responsible for making payments as required under the Cardmember 
Agreement and for repaying any outstanding Obligations. Our rights under this Security Agreement are in addition to any others we have under applicable 
law. We may make settlements or compromises on the Security Deposit Account, transfer the Security Deposit Account to our name, or exercise owner-
ship rights on the Security Deposit Account. We are not required to notify you of any of the above.
Return of Funds If we determine that you qualify for return of any Funds from the Security Deposit Account, we will return these Funds to you by a method we deem sufficient. 
If your Account is closed, we will return any excess Funds that remain in the Security Deposit Account after repayment of all Obligations. We generally return 
these excess Funds within ten days after the end of the second billing period following the time that Funds are initially applied to reduce your Obligations. If 
we mail a check to you, we will mail it to your mailing address on file with us for the Security Deposit and Card Accounts. In the event of your death, we will not 
release Funds on deposit unless all Obligations have been repaid and all legal documents we require are delivered to us. 
Confidentiality We will disclose information to third parties about your Security Deposit Account or any transfers you make: (a) where it is necessary for completing a 
transfer, or (b) in order to verify the existence and condition of your Security Deposit Account for a third party, or (c) in order to comply with government 
agency or court orders, or (d) if you give us your written permission, or (e) as permitted by the privacy notice we have provided to you.
Legal Proceedings We may comply with any writ of attachment, adverse claim, garnishment, tax levy, restraining order, subpoena, warrant or other legal proceeding 
involving your Security Deposit Account which we believe to be valid. If your Account, your Security Deposit Account, or your Funds become 
involved or are likely to become involved in a legal proceeding, you understand that the entire balance of your Funds in the Security Deposit 
Account may be restricted until the matter has been resolved. Such proceedings are subject to our security interest. We shall be entitled to rely 
upon the representations, warranties, and statements made in such legal proceedings. You agree to hold harmless and indemnify us for any losses, 
expenses and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred by us as a result of complying with such legal proceedings. In addition to the 
events of default set forth in the Cardmember Agreement, you will be in default under the Cardmember Agreement if we are served or become 
involved with a legal proceeding regarding the Funds or Security Deposit Account. 
Miscellaneous This Security Agreement and our security interest and rights as pledge hereunder are governed by Delaware law. We may, in our sole discretion, 
assign the Security Deposit Account and our rights and obligations under this Security Agreement. If we use an attorney to defend or enforce 
our rights under this Security Agreement or to perform any legal services in connection with this Security Agreement, we may charge you our 
legal costs as permitted by law. This Security Agreement supplements the Cardmember Agreement. The other terms of the Cardmember 
Agreement apply to this Security Agreement, and as such disputes regarding the terms of this Security Agreement are subject to Arbitration as set 
forth in the Cardmember Agreement. The terms of this Security Agreement shall survive and continue to apply to the Security Deposit Account 
following closure of the Account or the Security Deposit Account, and shall be binding on you even if you cancel your Account or do not accept  
the Cardmember Agreement as permitted in the Cardmember Agreement. If any part of the Security Agreement is invalid, the rest of the Security 
Agreement will remain in effect. 
©2024 Discover Bank, Member FDIC
Thank you for choosing Discover® card. This Agreement explains the current terms and conditions of your Account. The enclosed Pricing Schedule is part of this Agreement. Please read this 
Agreement, including the Pricing Schedule, carefully. Keep them for your records. Contact us if you have any questions. We have included a “Definitions” section for your reference on page 3.
ACCEPTANCE OF AGREEMENT
 
CHANGES TO YOUR AGREEMENT
 
USING YOUR ACCOUNT
Permitted Uses
Authorized Users  
Joint Accounts  
 
Checks 
Credit Authorizations 
Credit Lines
©2024 Discover Bank, Member FDIC
CARDMEMBER AGREEMENT
We will tell you what your Account credit line is. You must keep your 
Account balance below your Account credit line. If you do not, we may 
request immediate payment of the amount by which you exceed it. We 
may establish a lower credit line for Cash Advances. We may increase 
or decrease your Account credit line or your Cash Advance credit line 
without notice. We may delay increasing your available credit by the 
amount of any payment that we receive for up to 10 business days.
Your Pricing Schedule may include variable APRs. These APRs are 
determined by adding the number of percentage points that we 
specify to the Prime Rate. Variable APRs will increase or decrease 
when the Prime Rate changes. The APR change will take effect
on the first day of the billing period that begins during the same calendar 
month that the Prime Rate changes. An increase in the APR will increase 
your interest charges and may increase your Minimum Payment Due. 
Your variable APRs will never be less than zero or higher than 29.99%.  
We will not charge a Late Fee the first time you do not make the 
Minimum Payment Due by the Payment Due Date. After that, if you do 
not pay the Minimum Payment Due by the Payment Due Date, we will 
charge you a Late Fee. The fee is $30, if you were not charged a Late 
Fee during any of the prior six billing periods. Otherwise, the fee is $41. 
This fee will never exceed the Minimum Payment Due that was due 
immediately prior to the date on which the fee was assessed.
-3-
If you make a payment that is not honored by your financial institution, 
we will charge you a Returned Payment Fee even if the payment is 
honored after we re-submit it. The fee is $30 if you were not charged 
a Returned Payment Fee during any of the prior six billing periods. 
Otherwise, the fee is $41. This fee will never exceed the Minimum 
Payment Due that was due immediately prior to the date on which 
the payment was returned to us.
•  You must pay in U.S. dollars. Please do not send cash. Sending cash is 
not allowed. All checks must be drawn on funds on deposit in the U.S. 
•  You must pay us for all amounts due on your Account. This includes 
charges made by Authorized Users.
•  We may refuse to accept a payment in a foreign currency. If we 
do accept it, we will charge your Account our cost to convert it to  
U.S. dollars.
•  We can accept late payments, partial payments or payments marked  
“ payment in full” or with any other restrictive endorsement without
  losing any of our rights under this Agreement.
•  We credit your payments in accordance with the terms contained 
on your billing statement.
•  If you mail your payment to an address other than the address 
designated on your billing statement, there may be a delay in 
processing and crediting the payment to your Account.
•  If a third party makes a payment on your Account and we return all 
or a part of such payment, then we may adjust your Account for any 
amount returned. We reserve the right to defend ourselves against 
any demand to return funds we have received, and may agree to a 
compromise of the demanded amount as part of a settlement. 
You may pay the entire New Balance shown on your billing statement 
at any time. Each billing period you must pay at least the Minimum 
Payment Due by the Payment Due Date shown on your billing 
statement. The Minimum Payment Due will be the greater of:  
• $20; or
•   Any amount past due plus the greater of:
  –  3% of the New Balance shown on your billing statement (excluding 
any Interest Charges and Late Fee shown on your billing 
statement); or 
  –  $15, plus any of the following charges as shown on your billing 
statement: fees for any debt protection product that you enrolled 
in on or after 2/1/2015; Interest Charges; and Late Fees (not to 
exceed 4% of the New Balance). 
The Minimum Payment Due may also include amounts by which 
you exceed your Account credit line. It will never exceed the New 
Balance. When we calculate the Minimum Payment Due, we may 
subtract from the New Balance certain fees added to your Account 
during the billing period. The Minimum Payment Due is rounded up to 
the nearest dollar.
Late Fee
Returned Payment Fee
ANNUAL PERCENTAGE RATES (“APRs”) (See your Pricing Schedule for the APRs that apply to your Account)
Variable APRs
MAKING PAYMENTS
Minimum Payment Due
Payment Instructions
FEES (See your Pricing Schedule for Additional Fees)
Penalty APR None
We may not authorize a transaction for security or other reasons. We will not be liable to you if we decline to authorize a transaction or if anyone 
refuses your Card, Check or Account number.
If we provide you with Checks, we will tell you whether we will treat the Check as a Purchase, Balance Transfer or Cash Advance. You may not 
use these Checks to pay any amount you owe us.
If your Account is a joint Account  
• each of you agrees to be liable individually and jointly for the entire amount owed on the Account; and  
• any notice we mail to an address provided by either of you for the Account will serve as notice to both of you.
You may request additional Cards for Authorized Users to make transactions on your Account. You must notify us if you wish to cancel the authority 
of an Authorized User to use your Account. You are responsible for all charges made by your Authorized Users.
You may use your Account for Purchases, Balance Transfers and Cash Advances. You may not use it for illegal transactions.
The rates, fees and terms of this Agreement may change from time to time. We may add or delete any term to this Agreement. If required by law, we 
will give you advance written notice of the change(s) and a right to reject the change(s). We will not charge any fee or interest charge prohibited by law.
You accept this Agreement if you do not cancel your Account within 30 days after receiving a Card. You also accept this Agreement if you or an 
Authorized User use the Account. You may, however, reject the “Arbitration of Disputes” section as explained in that section.
-4-
We calculate interest charges each billing period by first figuring the 
“daily balance” for each Transaction Category. Transaction Categories 
include standard Purchases, standard Cash Advances and different 
promotional balances, such as Balance Transfers.
How We Figure the Daily Balance for Each Transaction Category
•  We start with the beginning balance for each day. The beginning 
balance for the first day of the billing period is your balance on the 
last day of your previous billing period.
•  We add any interest charges accrued on the previous day’s daily 
balance and any new transactions and fees. We add any new 
transactions or fees as of the later of the Transaction Date or the 
first day of the billing period in which the transaction or fee posted 
to your Account.
• We subtract any new credits and payments.
•  We make other adjustments (including those adjustments required 
in the “Paying Interest” section).
How We Figure Your Total Interest Charges
•  We multiply the daily balance for each Transaction Category by 
its daily periodic rate. We do this for each day in the billing period. 
This gives us the interest charges for each Transaction Category. 
To get a daily periodic rate, we divide the APR that applies to the 
Transaction Category by 365.
•  We add up all the daily interest charges. The sum is the total interest 
charge for the billing period.
•  Due to rounding or a minimum interest charge, the interest 
calculation may vary from the interest charge actually assessed.
How We Include Fees
 We add Balance Transfer Fees to the applicable Balance Transfer 
Transaction Category. We add Cash Advance Fees to the applicable 
Cash Advance Transaction Category. We add all other fees to the 
standard Purchase Transaction Category.
 When Interest Charges Begin
We begin to impose interest charges on a transaction, fee or interest 
charge from the day we add it to the daily balance. We continue 
to impose interest charges until you pay the total amount you owe 
us. You can avoid paying interest on Purchases as described below . 
However, you cannot avoid paying interest on Balance Transfers or 
Cash Advances.
 How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases (“Grace Period”) 
If you pay the New Balance on your current billing statement by the 
Payment Due Date shown on that billing statement, we will not impose 
interest charges on New Purchases. New Purchases are Purchases 
that first appear on the next billing statement. Interest will continue 
to accrue each day on Purchases that appeared on previous billing 
statements until you pay the New Balance in full and will be billed in the 
next billing cycle.
 How We Apply Payments May Impact Y our Grace Period
If you do not pay your New Balance in full each month, then, depending 
on the balance to which we apply your payment, you may not get a grace 
period on new Purchases.
How We Calculate 
Interest Charges—Daily 
Balance Method 
(including current 
transactions)  
Merchant Disputes If you have a dispute with a merchant, you may request a credit to your Account. If we resolve the dispute in your favor, we will issue a credit to your Account. 
You assign to us your claim for the credited amount against the merchant and/or any third party. At our request, you agree to provide this assignment in writing.
Default
Automatic Account 
Information Updates
You may set up automatic billing or store your Account information with an Affiliate, merchant, wallet provider, or other third party (“Permitted Party”). 
If you do, you authorize us to share your Account information, which may include your rewards account balance, with the Permitted Party, regarding 
the use of your Account. If your Account information changes, which may include your billing address, you authorize us to provide this updated 
information to any such Permitted Party at our discretion. You must contact the Permitted Party directly or remove your credit card information from 
the Permitted Party website if you wish to stop automatic billing or Account updates.
Collection Costs If we use an attorney to collect your Account, we may charge you our legal costs as permitted by law. These include reasonable attorneys’ fees, 
court or other collection costs, and fees and costs of any appeal.
Credit Reporting  
Agency Information
You authorize us to get information from credit reporting agencies and 
other sources for servicing or review of your Account, collection and 
any other use permitted by law, including to consider you for other 
products and services. We may report the status and payment history 
of your Account to credit reporting agencies and other creditors. 
We normally report to credit reporting agencies each month. If you 
believe that information we reported is inaccurate or incomplete, 
please write us at Discover, P.O. Box 30939, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-
0939. Please include your name, address, home phone number and  
Account number.
Our Privacy Policy We send you our Privacy Policy when you open your Account. 
Contact us or visit Discover.com if you would like a copy. Please read 
it carefully. It summarizes:  
• the personal information we collect;
• how we safeguard its confidentiality and security;
• when it may be shared with others; and 
• how you can limit our sharing of this information.
Unauthorized Use You must notify us immediately if:
• your Card is lost or stolen; or 
•  you believe someone is using your Account or a Card without  
your permission.
Our Communications  
with You
You agree that we, our Affiliates, and agents, including service 
providers (“Authorized Parties”) may contact you, including calls, text 
message or email, about any current or future accounts or applications, 
with respect to all products you have with us at any phone number or 
email (i) you have provided to us, (ii) from which you contacted us, or 
(iii) which we obtained and believe we can reach you at, even if your 
phone provider may charge you message and data rates for calls or 
texts. You agree that the Authorized Parties may record or monitor any 
calls between you and the Authorized Parties. You agree to notify us if 
you change or discontinue using any phone number you provide. You 
agree that the Authorized Parties may contact you using an automatic 
dialer or pre-recorded voice message. If you no longer wish to be 
contacted on your cell phone by an automated dialer or pre-recorded 
voice message, you must provide us written notice cancelling your 
consent at this address: Discover Bank, P.O. Box 30937, Salt Lake City, 
UT 84130-0937. The written notice must include: your name, mailing 
address, the last four digits of your Account number and the specific 
cell phone number(s) for which you would like to cancel your consent to 
be contacted by an automated dialer or pre-recorded voice message.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
How We Apply Payments
MAKING PAYMENTS
INTEREST CHARGES
Paying Interest
We apply payments and credits at our discretion, including in a 
manner most favorable or convenient for us. In all cases, we will apply 
payments and credits as required by applicable law. Each billing 
period, we will generally apply amounts you pay that exceed the 
Minimum Payment Due to balances with higher APRs before balances 
with lower APRs as of the date we credit your payment.
You are in default if:
•  you file bankruptcy or another insolvency proceeding is filed by you 
or against you;
•  we have a reasonable belief that you are unable or unwilling to repay 
your obligations to us;
• you die or are legally declared incompetent or incapacitated;
•  you fail to comply with the terms of this Agreement or any 
Agreement with us or an Affiliate, including failing to make a 
required payment when due, exceeding your Account credit line or 
using your Card or Account for an illegal transaction.
If you are in default, we may declare the entire balance of your Account 
immediately due and payable without notice.
Cancellation of 
Your Account
 •  You may cancel your Account. You will remain responsible for any 
amount you owe us under this Agreement. 
•  Any joint Accountholder may cancel a joint Account. However, 
both of you will  remain responsible for paying all amounts owed.
•  We may cancel, suspend or not renew your Account at any time 
without notice.
-5-
CONTACT US
“Account” means your Discover card account.
“Affiliate” means our parent corporations, subsidiaries and affiliates.
“  Authorized User” means any person you authorize to use your Account or a Card, 
whether you notify us or not.
“  Balance Transfer” means a balance transferred from another creditor to 
  your Account.
“  Card” means any one or more Discover cards issued to you or someone else with 
your authorization.
“Cash Advance” means the use of your Account for:
  •  obtaining cash from participating automated teller machines, financial institutions 
or other locations; and
  •  online gambling, or to purchase lottery tickets, money orders, casino chips, foreign 
currency or similar items.
“Check”  means any check we send to you to access your Account.
“ Pricing Schedule” means the document entitled, “Pricing Schedule, ” which lists the 
APRs that apply to your Account and other important information.
“ Prime Rate” means the highest rate of interest listed as the U.S. Prime rate in the 
Money Rates section of the online Wall Street Journal (www.wsj.com)  on the last 
business day of the month.
“ Purchase” means the use of your Account to purchase or lease goods or services at  
participating merchants.
“We,” “us” and “our”  refer to Discover Bank, the issuer of your Card.
“ You,” “your” or “yours”  refer to you and any other person(s) who are also 
contractually liable under this Agreement.
 “ Transaction Date” means the date shown on your billing statement for a transaction 
or fee.
DEFINITIONS
Agreement to Arbitrate.  In the event of a dispute between you 
and us arising out of or relating to this Account or the relationships 
resulting from this Account or any other dispute between you or 
us, including, for example, a dispute based on a federal or state 
statute or local ordinance (“Claim”), either you or we may choose 
to resolve the Claim by binding arbitration, as described below, 
instead of in court.  Any Claim (except for a Claim challenging 
the validity or enforceability of this arbitration agreement, 
including the Class Action Waiver) may be resolved by binding 
arbitration if either party requests it.  THIS MEANS IF EITHER YOU 
OR WE CHOOSE ARBITRATION, NEITHER PARTY WILL HAVE THE 
RIGHT TO LITIGATE SUCH CLAIM IN COURT OR TO HAVE A JURY 
TRIAL.  ALSO DISCOVERY AND APPEAL RIGHTS ARE LIMITED IN 
ARBITRATION.
 
Even if all parties have opted to litigate a Claim in court, you or we 
may elect arbitration with respect to any Claim made by a new 
party or any new Claims later asserted in that lawsuit.  
 
This arbitration agreement does not apply if, on the date you 
submit your Application or on the date we seek to invoke this 
arbitration agreement, you are a member of the Armed Forces 
or a dependent of such a member covered by the federal Military 
Lending Act.  If you would like more information about whether 
you are covered by the Military Lending Act, please contact us 
at 1-844-DFS-4MIL (1-844-337-4645) or if you are calling from 
outside the US at +1-801-451-3730. 
 
CLASS ACTION WAIVER. ARBITRATION MUST BE ON AN 
INDIVIDUAL BASIS.  THIS MEANS NEITHER YOU NOR WE MAY JOIN 
OR CONSOLIDATE CLAIMS IN ARBITRATION BY OR AGAINST 
OTHER CARDMEMBERS, OR LITIGATE IN COURT OR ARBITRATE 
ANY CLAIMS AS A REPRESENTATIVE OR MEMBER OF A CLASS OR 
IN A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL CAPACITY.
 
The arbitrator may award injunctive relief only in favor of the 
individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary 
to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual Claim. 
The arbitrator may not award class, representative, or public 
injunctive relief.   If a court decides that applicable law precludes 
enforcement of any of this paragraph’s limitations as to a particular 
Claim for relief, then after all appeals from that decision have been 
exhausted, that Claim (and only that Claim) must be severed from 
the arbitration and may be brought in court.  Only a court, and not 
an arbitrator, shall determine the validity, scope, and effect of the 
Class Action Waiver. 
 
Your and Our Right To Go To Small Claims Court.  You and we will 
not choose to arbitrate any individual Claim you or we bring in 
small claims court (or an equivalent court). This means you or 
we may bring an action in small claims court (or an equivalent 
court) without being subject to arbitration.  However, if a Claim 
is transferred, removed, or appealed from small claims court 
to a different court, or if any Claim brought in small claims court 
exceeds the small claims court limit, you or we may then choose 
to arbitrate.
 Governing Law and Rules.  This arbitration agreement is governed 
by the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”).  Arbitration must proceed 
only with the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”).  The 
rules for the arbitration will be those in this arbitration agreement 
and the procedures of the AAA, but the rules in this arbitration 
agreement will be followed if there is disagreement between the 
agreement and the AAA’s procedures.  If the AAA’s procedures 
change after the Claim is filed, the procedures in effect when the 
Claim was filed will apply. 
 
For a copy of the AAA’s procedures, to file a Claim or for other 
information, please contact the AAA at 1101 Laurel Oak Rd., 
Voorhees, NJ 08043, www.adr.org.
 
If the AAA is completely unavailable, and if you and we cannot 
agree on a substitute, then either you or we may request that a 
court with jurisdiction appoint a substitute.
 
Fees and Costs.  If you wish to begin arbitration against us but 
you cannot afford to pay your share of the AAA’s or arbitrator’s 
costs and cannot obtain a waiver of costs from the AAA, we will 
advance those costs if you ask us in writing and are acting in good 
faith. Any request like this should be sent to Discover, P.O. Box 
30421, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0421. If you lose the arbitration, the 
arbitrator will decide whether you must reimburse us for money 
we advanced for you for the arbitration. If you win the arbitration, 
we will not ask for reimbursement of money we advanced.  
Additionally, if you win the arbitration, the arbitrator may decide 
ARBITRATION
Governing Law This Agreement is governed by applicable federal law and by Delaware law. However, in the event you default and we file a lawsuit to recover funds loaned to 
you, the statute of limitations of the state where the lawsuit is filed will apply, without regard to that state’s conflicts of laws principles or its “borrowing statute.”
Severability Except as set forth in the “Arbitration” section, if any part of this Agreement is found to be invalid, the rest of it will still remain in effect.
Enforcing this Agreement We may delay enforcing or not enforce any of our rights under this Agreement without losing or waiving any of them.
Assignment of Account We may sell, assign or transfer your Account or any portion of it without notice to you. You may not sell, assign or transfer your Account without 
first obtaining our prior written consent.
Purchases and Cash  
Advances in Foreign  
Currencies
If you make a Purchase or Cash Advance in a foreign currency, we 
will convert it to U.S. dollars using a rate we choose. This rate will 
either be a government-mandated rate, a government-published 
rate or the interbank exchange rate, depending on the country 
and currency in which the transaction is made. We use the rate in 
effect on the conversion date for the transaction. This rate may  
be different than the rate in effect on the Transaction Date for the 
transaction.
Unless we tell you otherwise, you can notify us: • by phone at 1-800-347-3085 or • in writing to Discover, P.O. Box 30943, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0943. When writing, please 
include your name, address, home phone number and Account number. You must contact us within 15 days after changing your email address, mailing address or phone number.
Oral Disclosures Before agreeing to this Agreement, in order to hear important disclosures and payment information about this Agreement, please call  
1- 844-  DFS-  4MIL (1-844-337-4645) anytime 24/7. If calling outside the U.S., you can contact us at +1-801-451-3730. 
Statement of MAPR Federal law provides important protections to members of the Armed 
Forces and their dependents relating to extensions of consumer 
credit. In general, the cost of consumer credit to a member of the 
Armed Forces and his or her dependent may not exceed an Annual 
Percentage Rate of 36 percent. This rate must include, as applicable to 
the credit transaction or account: (1) the costs associated with credit 
insurance premiums; (2) fees for ancillary products sold in connection 
with the credit transaction; (3) any application fee charged (other than 
certain application fees for specified credit transactions or accounts); 
and (4) any participation fee charged (other than certain participation 
fees for a credit card account). If you would like more information 
about whether this section applies to you, please contact us at 1-  844- 
DFS-  4MIL (1-844-337-4645) anytime 24/7. If calling outside the U.S. 
you can contact us at +1-801-451-3730.
MILITARY BORROWERS
-6-
that you are entitled to be reimbursed your reasonable attorneys’ 
fees and costs (if actually paid by you). The arbitrator may also 
allocate compensation, expenses, and administrative fees (which 
include filing and hearing fees) to any party upon the arbitrator’s 
determination that the party’s claim or counterclaim was filed for 
purposes of harassment or is patently frivolous.
 
Hearings and Decisions. Arbitration hearings will take place in the 
federal judicial district where you live. A single arbitrator will be 
appointed. The arbitrator must:
•  Follow all applicable substantive law, except when contradicted 
by the FAA;
• Follow applicable statutes of limitations;
• Honor valid claims of privilege; and
• Issue a written decision including the reasons for the award.
The arbitrator’s decision will be final and binding except for any 
review allowed by the FAA. However, if more than $100,000 
was genuinely in dispute, then either you or we may choose to 
appeal to a new panel of three arbitrators. The appellate panel is 
completely free to accept or reject the entire original award or any 
part of it. The appeal must be filed with the AAA not later than 30 
days after the original award issues. Appeal costs will be allocated 
consistent with the AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules and Due 
Process Protocol.
Any arbitration award may be enforced (such as through a 
judgment) in any court with jurisdiction. Any finding, award, or 
judgment from an arbitration of any Claim shall apply only to 
that arbitration. No finding, award, or judgment from any other 
arbitration shall impact the arbitration of any Claim.
Claim Notice and Special Payment. If you have a Claim, before 
initiating an arbitration proceeding, you may give us written notice 
of the Claim (“Claim Notice”) at least 30 days before initiating 
the arbitration proceeding. The Claim Notice must include your 
name, address, and account number and explain in reasonable 
detail the nature of the Claim and any supporting facts.  Any Claim 
Notice shall be sent to us at Discover, P.O. Box 794, Deerfield, IL 
60015 (or such other address as we shall subsequently provide 
to you). If, and only if, (1) you submit a Claim Notice in accordance 
with this agreement on your own behalf  (and not on behalf of 
any other party); and (2) an arbitrator, after finding in your favor 
in any respect on the merits of your Claim, issues you an award 
that (excluding any arbitration fees or attorneys’ fees and costs 
awarded by the arbitrator) is greater than the value of Discover’s 
last written settlement offer made before an arbitrator was 
selected, then you will be entitled to the amount of the award or 
$7,500, whichever is greater.  If you are entitled to the $7,500, you 
will receive in addition any arbitration fees or attorneys’ fees and 
costs awarded by the arbitrator. 
Other Beneficiaries of this Agreement.  In addition to you and 
us, the rights and duties described in this arbitration agreement 
apply to: our Affiliates, successors, subsidiaries, and our and their 
officers, directors and employees; any third party co-defendant 
of a Claim subject to this arbitration agreement; and all joint 
Accountholders and Authorized Users of your Account(s).
Survival of this Agreement. This arbitration agreement  
shall survive:
• closing of your Account;
• voluntary payment of your Account or any part of it;
• any legal proceedings to collect money you owe;
• any bankruptcy by you; and
• any sale, assignment, or transfer by us of your Account.
You Have the Right to Reject Arbitration for this Account. You 
may reject the arbitration agreement but only if we receive from 
you a written notice of rejection within 30 days of your receipt 
of the Card after your Account is opened. You must send the 
notice of rejection to: Discover, P.O. Box 30938, Salt Lake City, UT  
84130-0938.
Your rejection notice must include your name, address, phone 
number, Account number and personal signature. No one else 
may sign the rejection notice for you. Your rejection notice 
must not be sent with any other correspondence. Rejection of 
arbitration will not affect your other rights or responsibilities under 
this Agreement. If you reject arbitration, neither you nor we will be 
subject to the arbitration agreement for this Account.  Rejection 
of arbitration for this Account will not constitute rejection of any 
prior or future arbitration agreement between you and us.
ARBITRATION
Your Billing Rights:
Keep This Document For Future Use 
 
This notice tells you about your rights and our responsibilities under the Fair Credit  
Billing Act.
What To Do If You Find A Mistake On Your Statement
If you think there is an error on your statement, write to us at:
Discover
P.O. Box 30421
Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0421.
You may also contact us on the Web: https://discover.com/billingerrornotice
In your letter or on the Web, please give us the following information:  
• Account information: Your name and account number. 
• Dollar amount: The dollar amount of the suspected error. 
•  Description of problem: If you think there is an error on your bill, describe what you 
believe is wrong and why you believe it is a mistake.
Y ou must contact us:
• Within 60 days after the error appeared on your statement.
•  By 5:00 P.M. ET on the date an automated payment is scheduled, if you want to 
stop payment on the amount you think is wrong. You must notify us of any potential 
errors in writing or electronically. You may call us, but if you do we are not necessarily 
required to investigate any potential errors and you may have to pay the amount  
in question.
What Will Happen After We Receive Your Letter or Web Submission
When we receive your written or electronic notice, we must do two things:
1.   Within 30 days of receiving your notice, we must tell you that we received it. We will 
also tell you if we have already corrected the error.
2.  Within 90 days of receiving your notice, we must either correct the error or explain 
to you why we believe the bill is correct.
While we investigate whether or not there has been an error:
•  We cannot try to collect the amount in question, or report you as delinquent on  
that amount.
•  The charge in question may continue to appear on your statement.
•  While you do not have to pay the amount in question, you are responsible for the 
remainder of your balance.
• We can apply any unpaid amount against your credit limit.
After we finish our investigation, one of two things will happen:  
•  If we made a mistake: You will not have to pay the amount in question or any interest 
or other fees related to that amount.
•  If we do not believe there was a mistake: You will have to pay the amount in question, 
along with applicable interest and fees. We will send you a statement of the amount 
you owe and the date payment is due. We may then report you as delinquent if you do 
not pay the amount we think you owe.
If you receive our explanation but still believe your bill is wrong, you must write to us (or 
visit https://discover.com/billingerrornotice) within 10 days telling us that you still refuse 
to pay. If you do so, we cannot report you as delinquent without also reporting that you 
are questioning your bill. We must tell you the name of anyone to whom we reported 
you as delinquent, and we must let those organizations know when the matter has been 
settled between us.
If we do not follow all of the rules above, you do not have to pay the first $50 of the 
amount you question even if your bill is correct.
Your Rights If You Are Dissatisfied With Your Credit Card Purchases
If you are dissatisfied with the goods or services that you have purchased with your 
credit card, and you have tried in good faith to correct the problem with the merchant, 
you may have the right not to pay the remaining amount due on the purchase.
To use this right, all of the following must be true: 
1.  The purchase must have been made in your home state or within 100 miles of 
your current mailing address, and the purchase price must have been more than 
$50. (Note: Neither of these are necessary if your purchase was based on an 
advertisement we mailed to you, or if we own the company that sold you the goods 
or services.)
2.  You must have used your credit card for the purchase. Purchases made with cash 
advances from an ATM or with a check that accesses your credit card account do  
not qualify.
If all of the criteria above are met and you are still dissatisfied with the purchase, 
contact us in writing or electronically at:
Discover 
P.O. Box 30945 
Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0945
https://discover.com/billingerrornotice
While we investigate, the same rules apply to the disputed amount as discussed 
above. After we finish our investigation, we will tell you our decision. At that point, if 
we think you owe an amount and you do not pay, we may report you as delinquent.