Dodd-Frank Act Stress Test 2017: 
Supervisory Stress Test 
Methodology and Results
June 2017
B O A R D O F G O V E R N O R S O F T H E F E D E R A L R E S E R V E S Y S T E M

Dodd-Frank Act Stress Test 2017: 
Supervisory Stress Test 
Methodology and Results
June 2017
B O A R D O F G O V E R N O R S O F T H E F E D E R A L R E S E R V E S Y S T E M
This and other Federal Reserve Board reports and publications are available online at
www.federalreserve.gov/publications/default.htm.
To order copies of Federal Reserve Board publications offered in print,
see the Board’s Publication Order Form (www.federalreserve.gov/files/orderform.pdf)
or contact: 
Printing and Fulfillment 
Mail Stop K1-120 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
Washington, DC 20551 
(ph) 202-452-3245 
(fax) 202-728-5886 
(e-mail) Publications-BOG@frb.gov
Preface
The Federal Reserve promotes a safe, sound, and 
stable banking and financial system that supports the 
growth and stability of the U.S. economy through its 
supervision of bank holding companies (BHCs), 
U.S. intermediate holding companies (IHCs), savings 
and loan holding companies, state member banks, 
and nonbank financial institutions that the Financial 
Stability Oversight Council (FSOC) has determined 
shall be supervised by the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System (Board).
1
The Federal Reserve has established frameworks and 
programs for the supervision of its largest and most 
complex financial institutions to achieve its supervi-
sory objectives, incorporating the lessons learned 
from the 2007 to 2009 financial crisis and in the 
period since. As part of these supervisory frame-
works and programs, the Federal Reserve annually 
assesses whether financial firms with $50 billion or 
more in total consolidated assets are sufficiently 
capitalized to absorb losses during stressful condi-
tions, while meeting obligations to creditors and 
counterparties and continuing to be able to lend to 
households and businesses. The Federal Reserve's 
expectations for capital planning practices are tai-
lored to the size, scope of operations, activities, and 
systemic importance of a particular firm. In particu-
lar, the Federal Reserve has significantly heightened 
expectations for BHCs and U.S. IHCs supervised by 
the Large Institution Supervision Coordinating 
Committee (LISCC firms) and large and complex 
firms.
2
This annual assessment includes two related 
programs:
• Dodd-Frank Act supervisory stress testing is a 
forward-looking quantitative evaluation of the 
impact of stressful economic and financial market 
conditions on BHCs’ capital. The supervisory 
stress test that is carried out pursuant to the Dodd-
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-
tion Act (Dodd-Frank Act) and the Board's rules
3 
serves to inform the Federal Reserve, BHCs, and 
the general public of how institutions’ capital 
ratios might change under a hypothetical set of 
stressful economic conditions developed by the 
Federal Reserve.
4 The supervisory stress test 
results, after incorporating firms’ planned capital 
actions, are also used for the quantitative assess-
ment in the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and 
Review (CCAR). All BHCs and U.S. IHCs with 
$50 billion or more in total consolidated assets are 
currently subject to Dodd-Frank supervisory stress 
testing.
5
• The Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 
(CCAR) consists of a quantitative assessment for 
all BHCs with $50 billion or more in total consoli-
dated assets and a qualitative assessment for BHCs 
that are LISCC or large and complex firms. The 
quantitative assessment evaluates a firm’s capital 
adequacy and planned capital distributions, such 
1 Information on the Federal Reserve’s regulation and supervi-
sion function, including more detail on stress testing and capital 
planning assessment, is available on the Federal Reserve website 
at 
www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg.htm. 
2 Large and complex firms are BHCs or U.S. IHCs that (i) have 
average total consolidated assets over $250 billion or (ii) have 
average total nonbank assets of $75 billion or more, and (iii) 
are not LISCC firms.
3 Pub. L. No. 111-203, 124 Stat. 1376 (2010); 12 CFR part 252, 
subpart E.
4 In addition to an annual supervisory stress test conducted by 
the Federal Reserve, each participating institution is required to 
conduct annual company-run stress tests under the same super-
visory scenarios and conduct a mid-cycle stress test under 
company-developed scenarios.
5 Certain newly formed U.S. IHCs are not yet subject to Dodd-
Frank Act supervisory stress testing, but are required under the 
capital plan rule to submit a capital plan to the Federal Reserve 
that will be subject to a confidential review process. These firms 
are Barclays US LLC; BNP Paribas USA, Inc.; Credit Suisse 
Holdings (USA) LLC; Deutsche Bank USA Corp; RBC USA 
Holdco Corporation; and UBS Americas Holdings LLC. This 
set of firms will be subject to Dodd-Frank stress testing begin-
ning January 1, 2018. Deutsche Bank Trust Corporation is a 
subsidiary of a newly formed U.S. IHC that has participated in 
DFAST and CCAR in previous years and is subject to the 
supervisory stress test. See 12 CFR 225.8(c)(2); 12 CFR 
252.153(e)(l)(ii)(c). Currently, no nonbank financial companies 
supervised by the Board are subject to the capital planning or 
stress test requirements.
iii
as any dividend payments and common stock 
repurchases. The Federal Reserve assesses whether 
firms have sufficient capital to continue operating 
and lending to creditworthy households and busi-
nesses throughout times of economic and financial 
market stress. CCAR also includes a qualitative 
assessment of capital planning practices at the 
largest and most complex firms. As part of the 
qualitative assessment, the Federal Reserve evalu-
ates the reliability of each firm’s analyses and 
other processes for capital planning, focusing on 
the areas that are most critical to sound capital 
planning—namely, how a firm identifies, measures, 
and determines capital needs for its material risks, 
and a firm’s controls and governance around those 
processes. The Federal Reserve recently further tai-
lored its rules to remove large and noncomplex 
firms from the qualitative objection process.
6 At 
the conclusion of the process, the Federal Reserve 
either does not object or objects to a firm's capital 
plan. If the Federal Reserve objects to a firm’s 
capital plan, the firm may only make capital distri-
butions that the Federal Reserve has not objected 
to in writing.
6 Large and noncomplex firms are BHCs or U.S. IHCs that 
(i) have average total consolidated assets between $50 billion 
and $250 billion, (ii) have average total nonbank assets of less 
than $75 billion, and (iii) are not U.S. global systemically 
important banks.
iv Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Executive Summary ................................................................................................................ 1
Background on Dodd-Frank Act Stress Testing ........................................................... 3
Supervisory Scenarios ............................................................................................................ 5
 Severely Adverse Scenario .......................................................................................................... 5
 Adverse Scenario  ....................................................................................................................... 7
 Global Market Shock and Counterparty Default Components ........................................................ 8
Supervisory Stress Test Framework and Model Methodology .............................. 11
 Analytical Framework ................................................................................................................ 11
 Model Methodology .................................................................................................................. 12
 Model Risk Management, Governance, and Validation ................................................................ 15
 Data Inputs ............................................................................................................................... 18
 Capital Action Assumptions and Regulatory Capital Ratios ......................................................... 19
Supervisory Stress Test Results ......................................................................................... 21
 Severely Adverse Scenario ........................................................................................................ 21
 Adverse Scenario ...................................................................................................................... 36
Appendix A: Supervisory Scenarios ................................................................................ 51
Appendix B: Models to Project Net Income and Stressed Capital ........................ 61
 Losses on the Accrual Loan Portfolio ......................................................................................... 61
 Loan-Loss Provisions for the Accrual Loan Portfolio ................................................................... 66
 Other Losses ............................................................................................................................ 67
 PPNR ....................................................................................................................................... 70
 Balance-Sheet Items and Risk-Weighted Assets ......................................................................... 73
 Regulatory Capital .................................................................................................................... 74
Appendix C: BHC-Specific Results ................................................................................. 77
Appendix D: Additional Aggregate Results ................................................................ 147
v
Contents

Executive Summary
The Dodd-Frank Act requires the Federal Reserve to 
conduct an annual stress test of BHCs and U.S. 
IHCs
7 with $50 billion or more in total consolidated 
assets and any nonbank financial company that the 
FSOC has determined shall be supervised by the 
Board.
8 The Board first adopted rules implementing 
this requirement in October 2012 and most recently 
modified these rules in February 2017.
9
For this year’s stress test cycle (DFAST 2017), which 
began January 1, 2017, the Federal Reserve con-
ducted supervisory stress tests of 34 BHCs.
This report provides
• 
background on Dodd-Frank Act stress testing;
• details of the adverse and severely adverse supervi-
sory scenarios used in DFAST 2017;
• an overview of the analytical framework and meth-
ods used to generate the Federal Reserve’s projec-
tions, highlighting notable changes from last year’s 
program; and
• the 
results of the supervisory stress tests under 
adverse and severely adverse scenarios for the 
BHCs that participated in the DFAST 2017 pro-
gram, presented both in the aggregate and for indi-
vidual institutions. 
The adverse and severely adverse supervisory sce-
narios used in DFAST 2017 feature U.S. and global 
recessions. In particular, the severely adverse sce-
nario is characterized by a severe global recession in 
which the U.S. unemployment rate rises by about 
5.25 percentage points to 10 percent, accompanied 
by a period of heightened stress in corporate loan 
markets and commercial real estate markets. The 
adverse scenario features a moderate recession in the 
United States, as well as weakening economic activ-
ity across all countries included in the scenario.
In conducting its supervisory stress tests, the Federal 
Reserve calculated its projections of each BHC’s bal-
ance sheet, risk-weighted assets (RW As), net income, 
and resulting regulatory capital ratios under these 
scenarios using data on BHCs’ financial conditions 
and risk characteristics provided by the BHCs and a 
set of models developed or selected by the Federal 
Reserve. For DFAST 2017, the Federal Reserve 
updated the calculation of projected capital to incor-
porate the supplementary leverage ratio, which will 
become effective starting in 2018. As in past years, 
the Federal Reserve also enhanced some of the 
supervisory models to improve model stability and 
performance and incorporated new data, where 
available. The enhanced models generally exhibit an 
increased sensitivity to economic conditions com-
pared to past years’ models. These changes are high-
lighted in 
box 1. A description of enhancements to 
the models used to project pre-provision net revenue 
(PPNR) is included in 
box 2. Specific descriptions of 
the supervisory models and related assumptions can 
be found in 
appendix B. 
The results of the DFAST 2017 projections suggest 
that, in the aggregate, the 34 BHCs would experience 
substantial losses under both the adverse and the 
severely adverse scenarios but, in the aggregate, 
could continue lending to businesses and households, 
thanks to the capital built up by the sector following 
the financial crisis.
Over the nine quarters of the planning horizon, 
aggregate losses at the 34 BHCs under the severely 
adverse scenario are projected to be $493 billion. 
This includes losses across loan portfolios, losses 
from credit impairment on securities held in the 
BHCs’ investment portfolios, trading and counter-
party credit losses from a global market shock, and 
other losses. Projected aggregate pre-provision net 
revenue is $418 billion, and net income before taxes 
is projected to be -$111 billion.
7 U.S. IHCs of foreign banking organizations are subject to the 
annual stress test in accordance with the transition provisions 
under the capital plan rule and subpart O of the Federal 
Reserve’s Regulation YY (12 CFR part 252).
8 12 USC 5365(i)(1).
9 See 82 Fed. Reg. 9308 (February 3, 2017).
1
As illustrated in figure 1, in the severely adverse sce-
nario, the aggregate Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
capital ratio would fall from an actual 12.5 percent in 
the fourth quarter of 2016 to its minimum of 
9.2 percent over the planning horizon.
In the adverse scenario, aggregate projected losses, 
PPNR, and net income before taxes are $322 billion, 
$541 billion, and $214 billion, respectively. The 
aggregate CET1 capital ratio under the adverse sce-
nario would fall to its minimum of 10.7 percent over 
the planning horizon. Details of the results are pro-
vided in the 
Supervisory Stress Test Results section 
of this report.
Figure 1. Historical and stressed tier 1 common ratio and 
common equity tier 1 ratio
Percent 
0
3
6
9
12 
15 
Stressed, Q1 2019 
Actual, Q4 2016 
Actual, Q4 2015 
Actual, Q3 2014 
Actual, Q4 2013 
Actual, Q1 2013 
Actual, Q1 2012 
Actual, Q1 2011 
Actual, Q1 2010 
Stressed CET1 Tier 1 common Actual CET1 
Source: FR Y-9C, FR Y-14A, and supervisory estimates under the severely adverse 
scenario.
2 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Background on Dodd-Frank Act Stress 
Testing
In the wake of the financial crisis, Congress enacted 
the Dodd-Frank Act,
10 which, among other provi-
sions, requires the Federal Reserve to conduct an 
annual supervisory stress test. The Dodd-Frank Act 
also requires the same firms that are subject to the 
supervisory stress test to conduct their own stress 
tests and report the results to the Federal Reserve 
twice a year (company-run stress test).
11 LISCC 
firms are subject to Dodd-Frank Act supervisory 
stress testing, as are large and complex firms
12 and 
large and noncomplex firms.13
In conducting the supervisory stress tests, the Fed-
eral Reserve projects balance sheets, RW As, net 
income, and resulting post-stress capital levels and 
regulatory capital ratios over a nine-quarter “plan-
ning horizon,” generally using a set of capital action 
assumptions prescribed in the Dodd-Frank Act 
stress test rules (see 
Capital Action Assumptions and 
Regulatory Capital Ratios). The projections are 
based on three macroeconomic scenarios required by 
the Dodd-Frank Act (baseline, adverse, and severely 
adverse) and developed annually by the Federal 
Reserve.
14 For the annual company-run stress test, 
the BHCs use the same planning horizon, capital 
action assumptions, and scenarios
15 as those used in 
the supervisory stress test.16 The use of common 
capital action assumptions and scenarios enhances 
the comparability of the supervisory and company-
run results.
Together, the Dodd-Frank Act supervisory stress 
tests and the company-run stress tests are intended 
to provide company management and boards of 
directors, the public, and supervisors with forward-
looking information to help gauge the potential 
effect of stressful conditions on the ability of these 
large banking organizations to absorb losses, while 
meeting obligations to creditors and other counter-
parties and continuing to lend. The Dodd-Frank Act 
requires each BHC to disclose a summary of its 
company-run stress test results and also requires the 
Federal Reserve to disclose a summary of its supervi-
sory stress test results.
17 The Federal Reserve must 
publicly disclose supervisory stress test results by 
June 30 of the calendar year in which the stress test 
was conducted, and each BHC must disclose a sum-
mary of its company-run stress test within the 15 cal-
endar days following.
18
10 Pub. L. No. 111-203, 124 Stat. 1376 (2010).
11 Under the Dodd-Frank Act, all financial companies with more 
than $10 billion in total consolidated assets that are supervised 
by a primary federal financial regulatory agency are required to 
conduct an annual company-run stress test. However, only cov-
ered companies, defined as BHCs, U.S. IHCs, or nonbank 
financial companies with average total consolidated assets of 
$50 billion or more, are subject to the additional mid-cycle 
stress test and the supervisory stress test. See 12 USC 
5365(i)(2) and 12 CFR 252.52(g).
12 The LISCC or large and complex firms required to participate 
in DFAST 2017 are Bank of America Corporation; The Bank 
of New Y ork Mellon Corporation; Capital One Financial Cor-
poration; Citigroup Inc.; The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.; 
HSBC North America Holdings Inc.; JPMorgan Chase & Co.; 
Morgan Stanley; The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.; 
State Street Corporation; TD Group US Holdings LLC; U.S. 
Bancorp; and Wells Fargo & Company.
13 The large and noncomplex firms participating in DFAST 2017 
are Ally Financial Inc.; American Express Company; BancWest 
Corporation; BB&T Corporation; BBV A Compass Bancshares, 
Inc.; BMO Financial Corp.; CIT Group Inc.; Citizens Financial 
Group, Inc.; Comerica Incorporated; Discover Financial Ser-
vices; Fifth Third Bancorp; Huntington Bancshares Incorpo-
rated; KeyCorp; M&T Bank Corporation; MUFG Americas 
Holdings Corporation; Northern Trust Corporation; Regions 
Financial Corporation; Santander Holdings USA, Inc.; Sun-
Trust Banks, Inc.; and Zions Bancorporation.
14 The Board has issued a policy statement regarding its process 
for designing the scenarios. See Policy Statement on the Sce-
nario Design Framework for Stress Testing, 78 Fed. Reg. 
71,435 (November 29, 2013), 
www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2013-
11-29/pdf/2013-27009.pdf (12 CFR part 252, appendix A).
15 Under the stress test rules, the Federal Reserve was required to 
provide the scenarios to companies no later than February 15, 
2017, for DFAST 2017. See 12 CFR 252.54(b)(1).
16 See 12 CFR 252.54.
17 12 USC 5365(i)(1)(B)(v) and 5365(i)(2)(C)(iv).
18 See 12 CFR 252.46(b) and 12 CFR 252.58(a)(i).
3

Supervisory Scenarios
On February 3, 2017, the Federal Reserve released 
the three supervisory scenarios: baseline, adverse, 
and severely adverse.
19 This section describes the 
adverse and severely adverse scenarios that were used 
for the projections contained in this report. These 
scenarios were developed using the approach 
described in the Board’s Policy Statement on the 
Scenario Design Framework for Stress Testing.
20 
The adverse and severely adverse scenarios are not 
forecasts, but rather hypothetical scenarios designed 
to assess the strength of banking organizations and 
their resilience to an unfavorable economic 
environment.
Supervisory scenarios include trajectories for 28 vari-
ables. These include 16 variables that capture eco-
nomic activity, asset prices, and interest rates in the 
U.S. economy and financial markets and three vari-
ables (real gross domestic product (GDP) growth, 
inflation, and the U.S./foreign currency exchange 
rate) in each of the four countries/country blocks.
Similar to last year, the Federal Reserve applied a 
global market shock to the trading portfolio of six 
BHCs with large trading and private equity expo-
sures and a counterparty default scenario compo-
nent to eight BHCs with substantial trading, process-
ing, or custodial operations (see 
Global Market 
Shock and Counterparty Default Components).
Severely Adverse Scenario
Figures 2 through 7 illustrate the hypothetical trajec-
tories for some of the key variables describing U.S. 
economic activity and asset prices under the severely 
adverse scenario.
The severely adverse scenario is characterized by a 
severe global recession that is accompanied by a 
period of heightened stress in corporate loan mar-
kets and commercial real estate markets. In this sce-
nario, the level of U.S. real GDP begins to decline in 
the first quarter of 2017 and reaches a trough in the 
second quarter of 2018 that is about 6½ percent 
below the pre-recession peak. The unemployment 
rate increases by about 5¼ percentage points, to 
10 percent, by the third quarter of 2018. Headline 
consumer price inflation falls to about 1¼ percent at 
an annual rate by the second quarter of 2017 and 
then rises to about 1¾ percent at an annual rate by 
the middle of 2018.
As a result of the severe decline in real activity, 
short-term Treasury rates fall and remain near zero 
through the end of the scenario period. The 10-year 
Treasury yield drops to ¾ percent in the first quarter 
of 2017, rising gradually thereafter to around 
19 See Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (2017), 
“2017 Supervisory Scenarios for Annual Stress Tests Required 
under the Dodd-Frank Act Stress Testing Rules and the Capital 
Plan Rule” (Washington, DC: Board of Governors, Febru-
ary 3), 
https://www.federalreserve.gov/newsevents/pressreleases/
files/bcreg20170203a5.pdf for additional information and for 
the details of the supervisory scenarios.
20 CFR part 252, appendix A.
Figure 2. Unemployment rate in the severely adverse and 
adverse scenarios, 2012:Q1–2020:Q1
Severely adverse 
Adverse 
4
6
8
10 
2020:Q1 
2019:Q1 
2018:Q1 
2017:Q1 
2016:Q1 
2015:Q1 
2014:Q1 
2013:Q1 
2012:Q1 
Percent 
Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics and Federal Reserve assumptions in the super-
visory scenarios.
5
1½ percent by the first quarter of 2019 and to about 
1¾ percent by the first quarter of 2020. Financial 
conditions in corporate and real estate lending mar-
kets are stressed severely. The spread between yields 
on investment-grade corporate bonds and yields on 
long-term Treasury securities widens to about 
5½ percentage points by the end of 2017, an increase 
of 3½ percentage points relative to the fourth quar-
ter of 2016. The spread between mortgage rates and 
10-year Treasury yields widens to over 3½ percent-
age points over the same time period.
Asset prices drop sharply in this scenario. Equity 
prices fall by 50 percent through the end of 2017, 
accompanied by a surge in equity market volatility, 
which approaches the levels attained in 2008. House 
prices and commercial real estate prices also experi-
ence large declines, with house prices and commer-
cial real estate prices falling by 25 percent and 35 per-
cent, respectively, through the first quarter of 2019.
Figure 3. Real GDP growth rate in the severely adverse and 
adverse scenarios, 2012:Q1–2020:Q1
Severely adverse 
Adverse 
-8 
-7 
-6 
-5 
-4 
-3 
-2 
-1 
0
1
2
3
4
5
2020:Q1 
2019:Q1 
2018:Q1 
2017:Q1 
2016:Q1 
2015:Q1 
2014:Q1 
2013:Q1 
2012:Q1 
Percent 
Source: Bureau of Economic Analysis and Federal Reserve assumptions in the 
supervisory scenarios.
Figure 4. Dow Jones Total Stock Market Index, end of 
quarter, in the severely adverse and adverse scenarios, 
2012:Q1–2020:Q1
5000 
10000 
15000 
20000 
25000 
2020:Q1 
2019:Q1 
2018:Q1 
2017:Q1 
2016:Q1 
2015:Q1 
2014:Q1 
2013:Q1 
2012:Q1 
Index level 
Severely adverse 
Adverse 
Source: Dow Jones and Federal Reserve assumptions in the supervisory 
scenarios.
Figure 5. National House Price Index in the severely 
adverse and adverse scenarios, 2012:Q1–2020:Q1
100 
125 
150 
175 
200 
2020:Q1 
2019:Q1 
2018:Q1 
2017:Q1 
2016:Q1 
2015:Q1 
2014:Q1 
2013:Q1 
2012:Q1 
Index level 
Severely adverse 
Adverse 
Source: CoreLogic (seasonally adjusted by Federal Reserve) and Federal Reserve 
assumptions in the supervisory scenarios.
Figure 6. U.S. BBB corporate yield, quarterly average in the 
severely adverse and adverse scenarios, 2012:Q1–2020:Q1
3
4
5
6
7
8
2020:Q1 
2019:Q1 
2018:Q1 
2017:Q1 
2016:Q1 
2015:Q1 
2014:Q1 
2013:Q1 
2012:Q1 
Severely adverse 
Adverse 
Percentage yield 
Source: Merrill Lynch (adjusted by Federal Reserve using a Nelson-Siegel 
smoothed yield curve model) and Federal Reserve assumptions in the supervisory 
scenarios.
6 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
The international component of this scenario fea-
tures severe recessions in the euro area, the United 
Kingdom, and Japan and a marked growth slow-
down in developing Asia. As a result of the sharp 
contraction in economic activity, all foreign econo-
mies included in the scenario experience a decline in 
consumer prices. As in this year’s adverse scenario, 
the U.S. dollar appreciates against the euro, the 
pound sterling, and the currencies of developing 
Asia but depreciates modestly against the yen 
because of flight-to-safety capital flows.
This year’s severely adverse scenario features a 
slightly more severe downturn in the U.S. economy 
as compared to the DFAST 2016 scenario. Under 
the scenario design framework, the unemployment 
rate in the severely adverse scenario will reach a peak 
of at least 10 percent, which leads to a progressively 
greater increase in the unemployment rate the further 
the starting unemployment rate is below 6 percent. 
Furthermore, this year’s scenario does not feature a 
path of negative short-term U.S. Treasury rates that 
was featured in last year’s scenario. In addition, this 
year’s severely adverse scenario features a larger 
decline in commercial real estate prices. The interna-
tional dimension of the scenarios shows recessionary 
episodes that, relative to last year’s scenario, are 
more severe in the euro area and United Kingdom 
but less severe in developing Asia.
Adverse Scenario
Figures 2 through 7 illustrate the hypothetical trajec-
tories for some of the key variables describing U.S. 
economic activity and asset prices under the adverse 
scenario.
The adverse scenario is characterized by weakening 
economic activity across all of the economies 
included in the scenario. This economic downturn is 
accompanied by a global aversion to long-term 
fixed-income assets that, despite lower short rates, 
brings about a near-term rise in long-term rates and 
steepening yield curves in the United States and the 
four countries/country blocks in the scenario.
In the adverse scenario, the U.S. economy experi-
ences a moderate recession that begins in the first 
quarter of 2017. Real GDP falls slightly more than 
2 percent from the pre-recession peak in the fourth 
quarter of 2016 to the recession trough in the first 
quarter of 2018, while the unemployment rate rises 
steadily, peaking at about 7¼ percent in the third 
quarter of 2018. The U.S. recession is accompanied 
by an initial fall in inflation through the third quarter 
of 2017, with the rate of increase in consumer prices 
then rising steadily and reaching 2 percent by the 
middle of 2018.
Reflecting weak economic conditions, short-term 
interest rates in the United States fall and remain 
near zero for the rest of the scenario period. With 
the increase in term premiums, 10-year Treasury 
yields gradually rise to a little less than 2¾ percent 
by the second half of 2018. Financial conditions 
tighten for corporations and households during the 
recession. Spreads between investment-grade corpo-
rate bond yields and 10-year Treasury yields widen 
to about 3¾ percentage points by the end of 2017, 
while spreads between mortgage rates and 10-year 
Treasury yields widen to about 2½ percentage points 
over the same period.
Asset prices decline in the adverse scenario. Equity 
prices fall approximately 40 percent through the 
fourth quarter of 2017, accompanied by a rise in 
equity market volatility. Aggregate house prices and 
commercial real estate prices experience less sizable 
but more sustained declines compared to equity 
prices; house prices fall 12 percent through the first 
quarter of 2019 and commercial real estate prices fall 
15 percent through the fourth quarter of 2018.
Figure 7. U.S. Market Volatility Index (VIX) in the severely 
adverse and adverse scenarios, 2012:Q1–2020:Q1
10 
20 
30 
40 
50 
60 
70 
80 
2020:Q1 
2019:Q1 
2018:Q1 
2017:Q1 
2016:Q1 
2015:Q1 
2014:Q1 
2013:Q1 
2012:Q1 
Index level 
Severely adverse 
Adverse 
Source: Chicago Board Options Exchange (converted to quarterly by Federal 
Reserve using the maximum quarterly close-of-day value) and Federal Reserve 
assumptions in the supervisory scenarios.
June 2017 7
Following the recession in the United States, real 
activity picks up slowly at first and then gains 
momentum; growth in real U.S. GDP accelerates 
from an increase of 1 percent at an annual rate in the 
second quarter of 2018 to an increase of 3 percent at 
an annual rate by the middle of 2019. The unemploy-
ment rate declines modestly, from its peak of about 
7¼ percent in the third quarter of 2018 to under 
7 percent by the end of the scenario period. Con-
sumer price inflation remains at roughly 2 percent 
from the middle of 2018 through the end of the sce-
nario period. Ten-year Treasury yields show little 
change after the second half of 2018 and remain 
around 2¾ percent.
Outside of the United States, the adverse scenario 
features recessions in the euro area, the United King-
dom, and Japan, as well as below-trend growth in 
developing Asia. The declines in activity in the euro 
area and the United Kingdom are broadly similar 
and less pronounced than in Japan.
Weakness in global demand results in a slowing in 
inflation in all of the foreign economies under con-
sideration. Japan experiences outright deflation 
through the first quarter of 2019. Reflecting flight-
to-safety capital flows, the U.S. dollar appreciates 
against the euro, the pound sterling, and the curren-
cies of developing Asia. The dollar depreciates mod-
estly against the yen, also in line with flight-to-safety 
capital flows.
The main difference relative to the 2016 adverse sce-
nario is that this year’s adverse scenario features 
higher long-term rates and a steeper yield curve 
across all of the economies during the recession. 
Another difference from last year’s scenario is the 
incidence and extent of deflationary episodes. The 
2016 adverse scenario featured wide-spread deflation 
across all of the economies included in the scenario. 
In this year’s adverse scenario, deflation is regionally 
concentrated—more pronounced in Japan, less 
severe in the euro area and developing Asia, and 
absent in the United Kingdom and United States.
Global Market Shock and 
Counterparty Default Components
The Federal Reserve applied a global market shock 
to the trading portfolios of six BHCs with large trad-
ing and private equity exposures.
21 In addition, the 
Federal Reserve applied a counterparty default com-
ponent, which assumes the default of a BHC’s larg-
est counterparty under the global market shock, to 
the same six BHCs and two other BHCs with sub-
stantial trading, processing, or custodial opera-
tions.
22 These components are an add-on to the eco-
nomic conditions and financial market environment 
specified in the adverse and severely adverse 
scenarios.
The global market shock is a set of instantaneous, 
hypothetical shocks to a large set of risk factors. 
Generally, these shocks involve large and sudden 
changes in asset prices, interest rates, and spreads, 
reflecting general market dislocation and heightened 
uncertainty.
23 The Federal Reserve published the 
global market shock for the adverse and severely 
adverse scenarios on February 3, 2017; the as-of date 
for the global market shock and the counterparty 
default is January 3, 2017.
The severely adverse scenario’s global market shock 
is designed around three main elements: a sudden 
sharp increase in general risk premiums and credit 
risk; significant market illiquidity; and the distress of 
one or more large entities that rapidly sell a variety 
of assets into an already fragile market. Liquidity 
deterioration is most severe in those asset markets 
that are typically less liquid, such as non-agency 
securitized products, corporate debt, and private 
equity, and is less pronounced in those markets that 
are typically more liquid, such as foreign exchange, 
publicly traded equity, and U.S. Treasury markets.
Markets facing a significant deterioration in liquidity 
experience conditions that are generally comparable 
to the peak-to-trough changes in asset valuations 
during the 2007–2009 period. The severity of dete-
21 The six BHCs subject to the global market shock are Bank of 
America Corporation; Citigroup Inc.; The Goldman Sachs 
Group, Inc.; JPMorgan Chase & Co.; Morgan Stanley; and 
Wells Fargo & Co. See 12 CFR 252.54(b)(2).
22 The eight BHCs subject to the counterparty default component 
are Bank of America Corporation; The Bank of New Y ork 
Mellon Corporation; Citigroup Inc.; The Goldman Sachs 
Group, Inc.; JPMorgan Chase & Co.; Morgan Stanley; State 
Street Corporation; and Wells Fargo & Co. See 12 CFR 
252.54(b)(2).
23 See CCAR 2017: Severely Adverse Global Market Shocks at 
https://www.federalreserve.gov/econres/files/ccar-2017-severely-
adverse-market-shocks.xlsx
, and CCAR 2017: Adverse Global 
Market Shocks at https://www.federalreserve.gov/econres/files/
ccar-2017-adverse-market-shocks.xlsx. 
8 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
rioration reflects the market conditions that could 
occur in the event of a significant pullback in market 
liquidity in which market participants are less able to 
engage in market transactions that could offset or 
moderate the price dislocations. Worsening liquidity 
also leads prices of related assets that would ordinar-
ily be expected to move together to diverge markedly.
In particular, the valuation of certain cash market 
securities and their derivative counterparts fail to 
move together because the normal market mechanics 
that would ordinarily result in small pricing differen-
tials are impeded by a lack of market liquidity. Nota-
bly, option-adjusted spreads on agency mortgage-
backed securities (MBSs) increase significantly.
Globally, government bond yield curves undergo 
marked shifts in level and shape due to market par-
ticipants’ increased risk aversion. The flight-to-
quality and lack of liquidity in affected markets push 
risk-free rates down in the United States. The yield 
curves for government bonds flatten or invert across 
Europe and Asia while volatility increases across the 
term structure. Emerging market countries with dete-
riorating economic and fiscal accounts would also 
experience a sharp increase in sovereign spreads.
The major differences between the global market 
shock under the 2017 and 2016 severely adverse sce-
narios include (1) dampened shocks to interest rates 
and other liquid markets, (2) increased shocks to 
select commodities and equities basis risks, and (3) a 
less severe widening in spreads between agency 
MBSs and to-be-announced (TBA) forwards.
The global market shock component for the adverse 
scenario simulates an extended low-growth environ-
ment and muted market volatility across most asset 
classes and term structures. Generally, domestic gov-
ernment yields and associated volatility move lower, 
while swap spreads widen. Due to reduced demand, 
global commodity prices decline moderately, while 
MBSs and domestic credit spreads widen moderately. 
Select currency markets also experience small flight-
to-quality moves. Equity markets experience a mild 
correction with a measured increase in volatility. The 
2017 adverse scenario addresses themes similar to 
those of the 2016 adverse scenario.
The eight BHCs with substantial trading or custodial 
operations were also required to incorporate a coun-
terparty default scenario component into their 
supervisory adverse and severely adverse stress sce-
narios. These BHCs were required to estimate and 
report the potential losses and related effects on capi-
tal associated with the instantaneous and unexpected 
default of the counterparty that would generate the 
largest losses across their derivatives and securities 
financing activities, including securities lending and 
repurchase or reverse-repurchase agreement 
activities.
June 2017 9

Supervisory Stress Test Framework and 
Model Methodology
Analytical Framework
The Federal Reserve estimated the effect of the 
supervisory scenarios on the regulatory capital ratios 
of the 34 BHCs participating in DFAST 2017 by 
projecting the balance sheet, RW As, net income, and 
resulting capital for each BHC over a nine-quarter 
planning horizon, which for DFAST 2017 begins in 
the first quarter of 2017 and ends in the first quarter 
of 2019. Projected net income, adjusted for the effect 
of taxes, is combined with capital action assump-
tions to project changes in equity capital. The 
approach followed U.S. generally accepted account-
ing principles (GAAP) and regulatory revised capital 
framework.
24 Figure 8 illustrates the framework 
used to calculate changes in net income and regula-
tory capital.
Projected net income for the 34 BHCs is generated 
from projections of revenue, expenses, and various 
types of losses and provisions that flow into pre-tax 
net income, including
• pre-provision net revenue (PPNR);
• loan losses and changes in the allowance for loan 
and lease losses (ALLL);
• losses on loans held for sale (HFS) or for invest-
ment and measured under the fair-value option 
(FVO);
• other-than-temporary impairment (OTTI) losses 
on investment securities in the available-for-sale 
(AFS) and held-to-maturity (HTM) portfolios;
• losses on exposures resulting from a global market 
shock for BHCs with large trading and private 
equity exposures; and
• losses from the default of the largest counterparty 
of BHCs with substantial trading, processing, or 
custodial operations. 
PPNR equals net interest income plus noninterest 
income minus noninterest expense. Consistent with 
U.S. GAAP, the projection of noninterest expense 
includes projected losses due to operational-risk 
events such as fraud, computer system or other oper-
ating disruptions, and litigation-related costs and 
expenses related to the disposition of foreclosed 
properties (other real estate owned (OREO) 
expenses).
24 CFR part 217.
Figure 8. Projecting net income and regulatory capital
Net interest income + noninterest income – noninterest expense 
= pre-provision net revenue (PPNR) 
PPNR + other revenue – provisions – AFS/HTM securities losses – 
HFS/FVO loan losses – trading and counterparty losses  
= pre-tax net income 
Pre-tax net income – taxes – income attributable to minority interest 
– change in the valuation allowance 
= after-tax net income 
After-tax net income – net distributions to common and preferred shareholders 
 and other net reductions to shareholder's equity from DFAST assumptions + 
other comprehensive income 
= change in equity capital 
Change in equity capital – 
change in adjustments and deductions from regulatory capital + 
 other additions to regulatory capital 
= change in regulatory capital 
Note: Change in the allowance for loan and lease losses + net charge-offs 
= provisions 
Note: PPNR includes income from mortgage servicing rights and 
losses from operational-risk events and OREO costs. 
11
Provisions for loan and lease losses equal projected 
loan losses for the quarter plus the amount needed 
for the ending ALLL to be at an appropriate level to 
account for projected future loan losses. The amount 
of provisions over and above loan losses may be 
negative, representing a drawdown of the ALLL (an 
ALLL release, increasing net income), or positive, 
representing a need to build the ALLL (an addi-
tional provision, decreasing net income).
Because the loss projections follow U.S. GAAP and 
the Board’s capital adequacy rules, they incorporate 
any differences in the way these guidelines recognize 
income and losses based on where assets are held on 
the BHCs’ balance sheets. As a result, losses pro-
jected for similar or identical assets held in different 
portfolios can sometimes differ. For example, losses 
on loans held in the accrual portfolio equal credit 
losses due to failure to pay obligations (cash flow 
losses resulting in net charge-offs). For similar loans 
that are held for sale or held for investment and clas-
sified as fair value loans, projected losses represent 
the change in fair value of the underlying assets in 
the supervisory scenario.
Following this approach, changes in the fair value of 
AFS securities and OTTI losses on securities are 
separately projected over the nine-quarter planning 
horizon. Under U.S. GAAP, changes in the fair value 
of AFS securities are reflected in changes in accumu-
lated other comprehensive income (AOCI) but do 
not flow through net income. In addition, if a secu-
rity becomes OTTI, all or a portion of the difference 
between the fair value and amortized cost of the 
security must be recognized in earnings.
25 Consistent 
with U.S. GAAP, OTTI projections incorporate 
other-than-temporary differences between book 
value and fair value due to credit impairment but 
generally do not incorporate differences reflecting 
changes in liquidity or market conditions.
For the six BHCs subject to the global market shock, 
the losses on trading and private equity positions as 
well as the credit valuation adjustment are projected 
assuming an instantaneous re-pricing of these posi-
tions under the global market shock (see 
Global 
Market Shock and Counterparty Default Compo-
nents
). Losses from the global market shock are 
assumed to occur in the first quarter of the planning 
horizon. No subsequent recoveries on these positions 
are assumed, nor are there offsetting changes such as 
reductions in compensation or other expenses in 
reaction to the global market shock. In addition, 
incremental losses from potential defaults of obligors 
underlying BHCs’ trading positions are projected 
over the planning horizon.
For the eight BHCs subject to the counterparty 
default component, the losses associated with the 
instantaneous and unexpected default of the largest 
counterparty across derivatives and securities financ-
ing transaction (SFT) activities are projected. These 
losses are assumed to occur in the first quarter of the 
planning horizon.
Over the planning horizon, the Federal Reserve proj-
ects quarter-end amounts for the components of the 
balance sheet. These projections are made under the 
assumption that BHCs maintain their willingness to 
lend while demand for credit changes in response to 
conditions in the scenario. BHCs are assumed to use 
lending standards in line with their long-run behav-
ior. Any new balances implied by these projections 
are assumed to have the same risk characteristics as 
those held by the BHC at the start of the planning 
horizon except for loan age. Where applicable, new 
loans are assumed to be current, and BHCs are 
assumed not to originate types of loans that are no 
longer allowed under various regulations. The Fed-
eral Reserve also incorporates material changes in a 
BHC’s business plan, such as a planned merger, 
acquisition, consolidation, or divestiture.
26 Only 
divestitures that had been completed or contractually 
agreed to prior to April 5, 2017, are incorporated. 
Once adjusted, assets are assumed to grow at the 
same rate as the pre-adjusted balance sheet.
Model Methodology
The Federal Reserve’s projections of revenue, 
expenses, and various types of losses and provisions 
that flow into pre-tax net income are based on data 
provided by the 34 BHCs participating in DFAST 
2017 and on models developed or selected by Federal 
Reserve staff and evaluated by an independent team 
of Federal Reserve model reviewers. The models are 
intended to capture how the balance sheet, RW As, 
and net income of each BHC would be affected by 
the macroeconomic and financial conditions 
described in the supervisory scenarios, given the 
25 A security is considered impaired when the fair value of the 
security falls below its amortized cost.
26 The inclusion of the effects of such expected changes to a 
BHC’s business plan does not—and is not intended to—express 
a view on the merits of such proposals and is not an approval 
or non-objection to such plans.
12 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
characteristics of the BHCs’ loans and securities 
portfolios; trading, private equity, and counterparty 
exposures from derivatives and SFTs; business activi-
ties; and other relevant factors.
27
Detail of model-specific methodology is provided in 
appendix B. 
Models were developed using multiple data sources, 
including pooled historical data from financial insti-
tutions. An industrywide approach was generally 
adhered to, in which the estimated model parameters 
are the same for all BHCs and reflect the industry-
wide, portfolio-specific, instrument-specific response 
to variation in the macroeconomic and financial 
market variables. This approach reflects both the 
challenge in estimating separate statistically robust 
models for each of the 34 BHCs and the desire of the 
Federal Reserve not to assume that historical BHC-
specific results will prevail in the future. This means 
that the projections made by the Federal Reserve will 
not necessarily match similar projections made by 
individual BHCs.
The Federal Reserve deviated from the industrywide 
modeling approach when the historical data used to 
estimate the model were not sufficiently granular to 
capture the impact of firm-specific risk factors, and 
BHC-specific indicator variables (fixed effects) repre-
senting the firm’s average longer-term history were 
more predictive of the firm's future performance 
than industry variables. For example, the models to 
project components of PPNR feature BHC-specific 
indicator variables because available data are not suf-
ficiently granular and a BHC’s own history, after 
controlling for structural changes over time, is 
proven to be more predictive of the BHC’s revenues 
and expenses under stress than industry-level history 
(see 
box 2). In some other cases, such as the projec-
tions of trading and counterparty losses, sensitivities 
to risk factors and other information generated by 
the BHCs from their internal pricing models are used 
due to the lack of position-level data and modeling 
complexity.
Loan losses are estimated separately for different cat-
egories of loans, based on the type of obligor (e.g., 
consumer or commercial and industrial), collateral 
(e.g., residential real estate, commercial real estate), 
loan structure (e.g., revolving credit lines), and 
accounting treatment (accrual or fair value). These 
categories generally follow the classifications of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements for Holding 
Companies (FR Y-9C) regulatory report, though 
some loss projections are made for more granular 
loan categories.
Two general approaches are taken to model losses on 
the accrual loan portfolio. In the first approach, the 
models estimate expected losses under the macroeco-
nomic scenario. These models generally involve pro-
jections of the probability of default, loss given 
default, and exposure at default for each loan or seg-
ment of loans in the portfolio, given conditions in 
the scenario. In the second approach, the models 
capture the historical behavior of net charge-offs 
relative to changes in macroeconomic and financial 
market variables.
Accrual loan losses are projected using detailed loan 
information, including borrower characteristics, col-
lateral characteristics, characteristics of the loans or 
credit facilities, amounts outstanding and yet to be 
drawn down (for credit lines), payment history, and 
current payment status.
Data are collected on individual loans or credit 
facilities for wholesale loan, domestic retail credit 
card, and residential mortgage portfolios. For other 
domestic and international retail loans, the data are 
collected based on segments of the portfolio (e.g., 
segments defined by borrower credit score, geo-
graphic location, and loan-to-value (LTV) ratio).
Losses on retail loans for which a BHC chose the 
fair-value option accounting treatment and loans 
carried at the lower of cost or market value (i.e., 
loans held for sale and held for investment) are esti-
mated over the nine quarters of the planning horizon 
using a duration-based approach. Losses on whole-
sale loans held for sale or measured under the fair-
value option are estimated by revaluing each loan or 
commitment each quarter of the planning horizon.
Losses on securities held in the AFS and HTM port-
folios are estimated using models that incorporate 
other-than-temporary differences between amortized 
cost and fair market value due to credit impairment 
but generally do not incorporate differences reflect-
ing changes in liquidity or market conditions. Some 
securities, including U.S. Treasury and U.S. govern-
ment agency obligations and U.S. government 
agency mortgage-backed securities, are assumed not 
to be at risk for the kind of credit impairment that 
27 In some cases, the loss models estimated the effect of local-level 
macroeconomic data, which were projected based on their his-
torical covariance with national variables included in the super-
visory scenarios.
June 2017 13
results in OTTI charges. For securitized obligations, 
models estimate delinquency, default, severity, and 
prepayment on the underlying pool of collateral. 
OTTI on direct obligations such as corporate bonds 
is based on an assessment of the probability of 
default or severe credit deterioration of the security 
issuer or group of issuers over the planning horizon. 
The models use securities data collected at the indi-
vidual security level, including the amortized cost, 
market value, and any OTTI taken on the security to 
date.
Losses related to the global market shock and the 
counterparty default components are estimated 
based on BHC-estimated sensitivities to various mar-
ket risk factors, market values, and revaluations of 
counterparty exposures and credit valuation adjust-
ment under the global market shock.
PPNR is generally projected using a series of models 
that relate the components of a BHC’s revenues and 
non-credit-related expenses, expressed as a share of 
relevant asset or liability balances, to BHC character-
istics and to macroeconomic variables. Most compo-
nents are projected using data on historical revenues 
and operating and other non-credit-related expenses 
reported on the FR Y-9C report. Separate data are 
collected about BHCs’ historical losses related to 
operational-risk events, which are modeled sepa-
rately from other components of PPNR.
The balance sheet projections are derived using a 
common framework for determining the effect of the 
scenarios on balance sheet growth, and, as noted, 
incorporate assumptions about credit supply that 
limit aggregate credit contraction. These sets of pro-
jections are based on historical data from the Federal 
Box 1. Model Changes for DFAST 2017
Each year, the Federal Reserve has refined both the
substance and process of the Dodd-Frank Act
supervisory stress tests, including its development
and enhancement of independent supervisory mod-
els. The supervisory stress test models may be
revised to reflect advances in modeling techniques,
enhancements in response to model validation find-
ings, the incorporation of richer and more detailed
data, and identification of more stable models or
models with improved performance, particularly
under stressful economic conditions.
For DFAST 2017, the Federal Reserve’s operational
risk and commercial real estate (CRE) loan loss
models were enhanced, the mortgage repurchase
model was retired due to the decline in repurchase
risk, and the supplementary leverage ratio was
added to the calculation of projected capital. Each of
these modifications are described in more detail
below. In addition, the Federal Reserve began to
phase in material enhancements to the model that
estimates certain components of PPNR.
In addition to the model changes described below,
overall changes in PPNR projections and CRE loan
losses are attributable to several other factors,
including portfolio composition changes, changes in
the macroeconomic scenario, and changes in the
historical data used to estimate the models.
Enhancement of PPNR Models
Operational Risk Model Enhancements
Operational risk events and expenses related to
mortgage repurchases represent two significant
components of PPNR. For DFAST 2017, the Fed-
eral Reserve used an enhanced operational risk
model to capture losses from both of these compo-
nents, and discontinued the use of the mortgage
repurchase model used in prior years. Mortgage
repurchase risk has declined in recent years due to
improved underwriting standards and settlements
relating to representations and warranties for pre-
crisis vintages. Further, new data from recent mort-
gage repurchase settlements have allowed the
operational risk model to better incorporate mort-
gage repurchase risk, reducing the need to have a
separate mortgage repurchase model.
The Federal Reserve’s operational risk model fore-
casts losses using an average of estimates from two
models—a historical simulation model, which
remains unchanged, and a regression-based model,
which relates operational risk to economic condi-
tions. The regression-based model used in previous
stress testing cycles determined total losses from
loss frequency and severity separately. Loss fre-
quency was modeled as a function of economic con-
ditions, while loss severity was based on a firm-
specific, long-run average for each type of opera-
tional risk event. This dampened the sensitivity of
projected losses to economic conditions.
For DFAST 2017, the Federal Reserve used an
enhanced regression-based model that forecasts
total losses at the industry level and then distributes
those losses to each firm based on its asset size.
The use of the industry model allows the Federal
Reserve to account for operational-risk losses more
consistently across BHCs. In addition, this approach
simplifies the methodology and increases the sensi-
tivity of projected losses to economic conditions.
(continued on next page)
14 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Reserve’s Financial Accounts of the United States 
(Z.1) statistical release, which is a quarterly publica-
tion by the Federal Reserve of national flow of 
funds, consolidated balance sheet information for 
each BHC, and additional data collected by the Fed-
eral Reserve.
28
Once pre-tax net income is determined using the 
above components, a consistent tax rate is applied to 
calculate after-tax net income. After-tax net income 
also includes other tax effects, such as changes in the 
valuation allowance applied to deferred tax assets 
(DTAs) and income attributable to minority 
interests.
Model Risk Management, 
Governance, and Validation
The Federal Reserve places great emphasis on the 
credibility of its supervisory stress testing process, 
which is supported by a rigorous program of super-
visory model risk management. The Federal 
Reserve’s supervisory model risk management pro-
gram includes effective oversight of model develop-
ment to ensure adherence to consistent development 
principles; rigorous and independent model valida-
tion; a strong supervisory model governance struc-
ture; and annual communication of the state of 
model risk in the overall program to the Board of 
Governors. Several aspects of the Federal Reserve’s 
supervisory stress testing program, including its 
28 Financial Accounts of the United States (Z.1) is available on the 
Federal Reserve website at www.federalreserve.gov/releases/z1/. 
Box 1. Model Changes for DFAST 2017 (continued)
Enhancements to Other PPNR Component Models
The models that estimate certain components of
PPNR—such as net interest income, noninterest
income, and noninterest expense—have been
enhanced for DFAST 2017 to better account for dif-
ferences in post-crisis performance across firms.
The enhancements to this model and the timeline
for their completion are described in more detail in
box 2.
The enhanced models have material effects on the
projections for individual firms. As a result, the Fed-
eral Reserve will phase in the change over two
years to smooth the effect on post-stress capital
ratios. For the 2017 stress test, PPNR estimates
reflect the average of the model used during DFAST
2016 and the enhanced model. PPNR estimates for
the 2018 stress test will reflect the updated model
only.
Impact of Changes to PPNR Models
The combined effect of PPNR model changes in
DFAST 2017 is a slight decrease in industry PPNR
under the supervisory severely adverse scenario.
However, certain firms experienced material
increases or decreases in projected PPNR.
CRE Loan Loss Model Enhancement
The CRE loan loss model projects losses on loans
collateralized by income-producing properties as
well as construction and land development loans.
The model used in previous stress test cycles relied
on parameters estimated separately, using Capital
Assessments and Stress Testing (FR Y-14Q) data
and commercial mortgage-backed securities data,
respectively, to capture the losses from the financial
crisis and more recent times. Assumptions were
required to combine those parameters in a consis-
tent fashion.
For DFAST 2017, the Federal Reserve streamlined
the estimation process by combining the two data-
sets before model estimation. In addition, in the pro-
cess of re-estimating the model, the Federal
Reserve updated the model’s macroeconomic vari-
ables to better capture loan losses under stress.
Addition of the Supplementary Leverage Ratio
(SLR) to the Calculation of Projected Capital
The calculation of projected capital incorporates a
firm’s projected losses, revenue, balances, RWAs,
and applicable capital actions to construct projected
supervisory capital ratios. For DFAST 2017, the
Federal Reserve updated the capital calculation to
include post-stress projections of the SLR. Under
the Federal Reserve’s capital regulations, advanced
approaches BHCs are required to maintain at least
a 3 percent SLR, starting in 2018.
The SLR is defined as tier 1 capital divided by total
leverage exposure, which includes both on- and off-
balance sheet items. The calculation of projected
SLR incorporates the projections of tier 1 capital and
on-balance sheet assets included in the tier 1 lever-
age ratio, as well as the projected path of off-
balance sheet exposures. The path of those off-
balance sheet items is based on the bank-reported
off-balance sheet SLR exposure, and is assumed to
grow at the supervisory model-projected total asset
growth rate.
June 2017 15
model risk management framework, have been 
reviewed by external parties.
Most of the models used for supervisory stress test-
ing were developed by Federal Reserve staff, 
although certain models were developed by third 
parties.
29 In developing the supervisory models, Fed-
eral Reserve staff draws on economic research as well 
as industry practice in modeling the effects of bor-
rower, instrument, collateral characteristics, and 
macroeconomic factors on revenues, expenses, and 
losses. Three groups are, collectively, responsible for 
managing and validating the Federal Reserve’s super-
visory stress testing models: the Model Oversight 
Group (MOG), the System Model Validation unit, 
and the Supervisory Stress Test Model Governance 
Committee.
Supervisory model development, implementation, 
and use is overseen by the MOG, a national commit-
tee of senior staff drawn from across the Federal 
Reserve System. The MOG strives to produce super-
visory stress test results that reflect likely outcomes 
under the supervisory scenarios and ensures that 
model design across the system of supervisory stress 
testing models result in projections that are
• from an independent supervisory perspective;
• forward-looking and may incorporate outcomes 
outside of historical experience, where appropriate;
• based on the same set of models and assumptions 
across BHCs;
• generated from simpler and more transparent 
approaches, where appropriate;
• stable such that changes in model projections over 
time reflect underlying risk factors, scenarios, and 
model enhancements, rather than transitory 
factors;
29 A list of providers of the proprietary models and data used by 
the Federal Reserve in connection with DFAST 2017 is avail-
able in 
appendix B. In some instances, the Federal Reserve relies 
on firm-provided estimates in place of model output.
Box 2. Changes to the Models Used to Estimate PPNR in DFAST 2017
A key component of the DFAST results is pre-
provision net revenue (PPNR).
1 A firm’s PPNR can
offset losses, and PPNR itself is sensitive to the
state of the economy. As a result, PPNR projections
are important in assessing whether a firm can
absorb losses and remain adequately capitalized
under stressful economic conditions.
As noted in box 1, the Federal Reserve has
enhanced the models it uses to estimate PPNR. For
DFAST 2017, the Federal Reserve applied an
enhanced operational risk model to capture losses
from both operational risk events and expenses
related to mortgage repurchases, which are both
components of PPNR.
2 The Federal Reserve has
also enhanced models used to estimate other com-
ponents of PPNR, key details of which are
described below. The Federal Reserve expects
these changes to lead to more accurate revenue
and expense projections under stress.
For other components of PPNR, the projections pre-
viously depended on several factors: the firm’s own
performance over the most recent quarter or two;
the longer-run average performance of similar firms;
and relevant measures of economic conditions, such
as Treasury yields. Enhancements to the models,
which project those other components of PPNR, are
described below.
Under the original models—as illustrated in fig-
ure A—revenues or expenses for firms with a similar
mix of assets would be projected to converge over
time, even if a particular firm had consistently out-
performed or underperformed its peers in the past.
Since persistent strong or weak performance relative
to peers was not being taken into account, this
approach somewhat benefitted firms who underper-
formed their peers and impaired firms who outper-
formed their peers.
In the hypothetical example presented in figure A,
although Firm A and Firm B hold similar assets,
Firm A consistently earns more revenue than Firm
B. The dashed lines represent the projected future
revenues under the original models, which predict
that the firms’ revenues converge over time. As a
result, the revenue (scaled by assets) of Firm A is
projected to reach a level below its own historical
average while the revenue of Firm B is projected to
reach a level above its own historical average.
(continued on next page)
1 PPNR is defined as net interest income plus non-interest income
minus noninterest expense. Specific descriptions of the compo-
nents of net interest income, noninterest income, and noninter-
est expense can be found in appendix B.
2 The separate mortgage repurchase model has been retired. See
Box 1 for further information and for a description of the
enhanced operational risk model.
16 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
• appropriately conservative; and
• consistent with the purpose of a stress testing 
exercise. 
In overseeing the development of supervisory mod-
els, the MOG considers whether modeling choices 
and structures adhere to the above principles, reviews 
the results of common model risk management 
tools,
30 and assesses potential model limitations and 
sources of uncertainty surrounding final outputs. 
Assisting the MOG in these efforts is the Model Risk 
Management Group, which reviews, assesses, and 
implements industry standards and best practices for 
model risk management in stress testing operations. 
This group is composed of Federal Reserve staff and 
helps set internal policies, procedures, and standards 
related to the management of model risk stemming 
from individual models as well as the system of 
supervisory models used to project post-stress capital 
ratios. In this way, the Federal Reserve’s approach 
reflects the same standards for model risk manage-
ment to which banking organizations are expected to 
adhere.
Each year, the supervisory stress testing models are 
validated by an independent System Model Valida-
tion unit comprised of dedicated full-time staff 
members not involved in supervisory modeling, 
supplemented by subject matter experts from across 
the Federal Reserve System. This group’s model vali-
dation process includes reviews of model perfor-
mance and conceptual soundness and reviews of the 
processes, procedures, and controls used in model 
development, implementation, and the production of 
results. For each model, the group assesses on an 
annual basis the model’s reliability, based on its 
underlying assumptions, theory, and methods, and 
determines whether there are any issues requiring 
remediation as a result of that assessment. The 
Model Validation Council, a group of academic 
experts not affiliated with the Federal Reserve, pro-
30 Those tools include the use of benchmark models, where appli-
cable, performance testing, and sensitivity analysis, which iso-
lates the effect of a change in one model input on the eventual 
model output.
Box 2. Changes to the Models Used to Estimate PPNR in DFAST 2017
(continued)
Under the enhanced models, each BHC’s projected
revenue and expenses are more closely tied to the
BHC’s own post-crisis average performance.
3. As
shown by the solid lines in the chart above, Firm A
should have higher projected revenue following a
stress event under the enhanced model because its
historical performance exceeds that of its peers.
Similarly, the enhanced model will better reflect that
Firm B should have lower projected revenue follow-
ing a stress event because its historical performance
is lower than that of its peers.
The enhanced models perform better than the origi-
nal models used in DFAST 2016 according to sev-
eral metrics. First, they fit historical patterns in
PPNR more closely than the original models, based
on statistical measures of fit. Second, the models
perform better in ‘out-of-sample’ performance test-
ing, or testing model performance using a data
sample other than that used to estimate the models.
Third, the enhanced models are more responsive to
economic conditions. Fourth, the enhanced models
are less sensitive to the most recent historical value
of the BHC’s revenues and expenses, improving
model stability for individual firms over time.
Because the enhanced PPNR models materially
affect the projections of PPNR for some firms, the
Federal Reserve is phasing in these changes over
two years. For DFAST 2017, PPNR estimates reflect
the average of the original model used during
DFAST 2016 and the enhanced model. PPNR esti-
mates for DFAST 2018 will reflect the enhanced
model only.
3. The post-crisis average performance is defined as the fourth
quarter of 2009 onwards.
Figure A. Hypothetical revenue projections from the
original and enhanced PPNR models
Historical Projected 
Time 
Revenue as % of assets 
Firm A 
Enhanced model 
Original model 
Firm B 
Enhanced model 
Original model 
June 2017 17
vides advice to the Federal Reserve on the validation 
program and activities.
31
The MOG and the System Model Validation unit are 
overseen by the Director of the Federal Reserve 
Board’s Division of Supervision and Regulation. 
The Supervisory Stress Test Model Governance 
Committee, a committee of senior Federal Reserve 
staff that includes representatives from model devel-
opment, implementation, and validation, advises the 
Director on matters related to the governance of 
supervisory stress test models and facilitates the 
Director’s oversight role by providing a regular 
forum to present and discuss relevant issues. This 
committee also identifies key model risk issues in the 
supervisory stress testing program and elevates these 
issues to the Director and the Board of Governors. 
In 2016, the committee initiated an annual formal 
communication to the Board of Governors on the 
structure of the supervisory stress test model risk 
management program and the state of model risk as 
determined by each year's model validation process.
The development and validation of the supervisory 
stress testing models have been subject to rigorous 
review by both internal and external parties. In 2015, 
the Federal Reserve Office of the Inspector General 
(OIG) reviewed supervisory stress testing model vali-
dation activities and recommended improvements in 
staffing, model inventories, and communication with 
management.
32 As of this year, each of the suggested 
improvements recommended by the OIG have been 
implemented, and the OIG has formally closed its 
findings. In 2016, the Government Accountability 
Office (GAO) issued a report on the Federal 
Reserve’s stress testing and capital planning pro-
grams.
33 The GAO’s report recognized that the Fed-
eral Reserve’s stress testing program has played a key 
role in evaluating and maintaining the stability of the 
U.S. financial system during and since the most 
recent financial crisis. The GAO report included five 
recommendations as to how the Federal Reserve 
could improve its management of model risk and 
ensure that decisions based on supervisory stress test 
results are informed by an understanding of model 
risk. The Federal Reserve is actively addressing these 
recommendations and views these evaluations as 
opportunities to continue to strengthen the credibil-
ity of the supervisory stress test.
Data Inputs
The models are developed and implemented with 
data collected by the Federal Reserve on regulatory 
reports as well as proprietary third-party industry 
data.
Certain projections rely on aggregate information 
from the Financial Accounts of the United States 
(Z.1) statistical release. Others rely on the FR Y-9C 
report, which contains consolidated income state-
ment and balance sheet information for each BHC. 
Additionally, FR Y-9C includes off-balance sheet 
items and other supporting schedules, such as the 
components of RW As and regulatory capital.
Most of the data used in the Federal Reserve’s stress 
test projections are collected through the Capital 
Assessments and Stress Testing (FR Y-14A/Q/M) 
information collection, which include a set of 
annual, quarterly, or monthly schedules.
34 These 
reports collect detailed data on PPNR, loans, securi-
ties, trading and counterparty risk, losses related to 
operational-risk events, and business plan changes. 
Each of the 34 BHCs participating in DFAST 2017 
submitted data as of December 31, 2016, through 
the FR Y-14M and FR Y-14Q reports in February, 
March, and April 2017. The same BHCs submitted 
the FR Y-14A reports, which also include projected 
data, on April 5, 2017.
BHCs were required to submit detailed loan and 
securities information for all material portfolios, 
where the portfolio is deemed to be “material” if the 
size of the portfolio exceeds either 5 percent of the 
BHC’s tier 1 capital or $5 billion for LISCC and 
large and complex firms. Portfolios are deemed to be 
material for large and noncomplex firms if the size of 
the portfolio exceeds either 10 percent of the BHC’s 
tier 1 capital or $5 billion.
35 The portfolio categories 
31 See “Federal Reserve Board announces the formation of the 
Model Validation Council,” April 20, 2012, 
https://www
.federalreserve.gov/newsevents/pressreleases/bcreg20120420a
.htm
. 
32 See “The Board Identified Areas of Improvement for Its Super-
visory Stress Testing Model Validation Activities, and Opportu-
nities Exist for Further Enhancement,” October 29, 2015, 
https
://oig.federalreserve.gov/reports/board-supervisory-stress-
testing-model-validation-reissue-oct2015.pdf
. 
33 See “Additional Actions Could Help Ensure the Achievement 
of Stress Test Goals,” GAO-17-48, November 2016, 
https://
www.gao.gov/assets/690/681020.pdf. 
34 The FR Y-14 reports are available on the Federal Reserve web-
site at 
www.federalreserve.gov/apps/reportforms/default.aspx. 
35 The Federal Reserve raised the immateriality threshold for large 
and noncomplex firms from 5 percent of tier 1 capital or $5 bil-
lion to 10 percent of tier 1 capital or $5 billion. See Amend-
ments to the Capital Plan and Stress Test Rules, 82 Fed. Reg. 
18 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
are defined in the FR Y-14M and Y-14Q instruc-
tions. Each BHC has the option to either submit or 
not submit the relevant data schedule for a given 
portfolio that does not meet the materiality threshold 
(as defined in the FR Y-14Q and FR Y-14M instruc-
tions). If the BHC does not submit data on its 
immaterial portfolio(s), the Federal Reserve will 
assign the median loss rate on immaterial portfolios 
held at all firms subject to the supervisory stress test.
While BHCs are responsible for ensuring the com-
pleteness and accuracy of data reported in the FR Y-
14 information collection, the Federal Reserve made 
considerable efforts to validate BHC-reported data 
and requested resubmissions of data where errors 
were identified. If data quality remained deficient 
after resubmissions, conservative assumptions were 
applied to a particular portfolio or specific data, 
depending on the severity of deficiencies. If the qual-
ity of a BHC’s submitted data was deemed too defi-
cient to produce a supervisory model estimate for a 
particular portfolio, the Federal Reserve assigned a 
high loss rate (e.g., 90th percentile) or a conservative 
PPNR rate (e.g., 10th percentile) to the portfolio bal-
ances based on supervisory projections of portfolio 
losses or PPNR estimated for other BHCs. If data 
that are direct inputs to supervisory models were 
missing or reported erroneously but the problem was 
isolated in such a way that the existing supervisory 
framework could still be used, a conservative value 
(e.g., 10th or 90th percentile) based on all available 
data reported by BHCs was assigned to the specific 
data. These assumptions are intended to reflect a 
conservative view of the risk characteristics of the 
portfolios given insufficient information to make 
more risk-sensitive projections.
Capital Action Assumptions and 
Regulatory Capital Ratios
After-tax net income and AOCI are combined with 
prescribed capital actions to estimate components of 
regulatory capital. Changes in the regulatory capital 
components are the primary drivers in changes in 
capital levels and ratios over the planning horizon. In 
addition to the regulatory capital components, the 
calculation of regulatory capital ratios accounts for 
taxes and items subject to adjustment or deduction 
in regulatory capital, limits the recognition of certain 
assets that are less loss-absorbing, and imposes other 
restrictions as specified in the Board’s regulatory 
revised capital framework.
The Dodd-Frank Act company-run stress test rules 
prescribe consistent capital action assumptions for 
all BHCs.
36 In its supervisory stress tests, the Board 
generally followed these capital action assumptions. 
For the first quarter of the planning horizon, capital 
actions for each BHC are assumed to be the actual 
actions taken by the BHC during that quarter. Over 
the remaining eight quarters, common stock divi-
dend payments are generally assumed to be the aver-
age of the first quarter of the planning horizon and 
9308 (February 3, 2017), https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/
FR-2017-02-03/pdf/2017-02257.pdf. 36 12 CFR 252.56(b).
Table 1. Applicable capital ratios and calculations for BHCs in the 2017 Dodd-Frank Act stress tests
 Capital ratio
 Calculation, by aspect of ratio
 Capital in numerator  Denominator
  Common equity tier 1 ratio  Revised capital 
framework
 Standardized 
approach RWAs
  Tier 1 ratio  Revised capital 
framework
 Standardized 
approach RWAs
  Total capital ratio  Revised capital 
framework
 Standardized 
approach RWAs
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  Revised capital 
framework
 Average assets
  Supplementary leverage ratio
 Revised capital 
framework
 Average assets and 
off-balance sheet 
exposures
June 2017 19
the three preceding calendar quarters.37 Also, BHCs 
are assumed to pay scheduled dividend, interest, or 
principal payments on any other capital instrument 
eligible for inclusion in the numerator of a regulatory 
capital ratio. However, repurchases of such capital 
instruments and issuance of stock are assumed to be 
zero, except for issuance of common or preferred 
stock associated with expensed employee compensa-
tion or in connection with a planned merger or 
acquisition.
The five regulatory capital measures in DFAST 2017 
are the common equity tier 1, tier 1 risk-based capi-
tal, total risk-based capital, tier 1 leverage, and 
supplementary leverage ratios. A BHC’s regulatory 
capital ratios are calculated in accordance with the 
Board’s regulatory capital rules using Federal 
Reserve projections of assets, RW As, and off-balance 
sheet exposures.
The denominator of each BHC’s regulatory capital 
ratios, other than the leverage ratios, was calculated 
using the standardized approach for calculating 
RW As for each quarter of the planning horizon in 
accordance with the transition arrangements in the 
Board’s capital rules.
38
37 Additionally, common stock dividends attributable to issuances 
related to expensed employee compensation or in connection 
with a planned merger or acquisition are included to the extent 
that they are reflected in the BHC’s pro forma balance sheet 
estimates. This assumption provides consistency with assump-
tions regarding issuance of common stock.
38 See 12 CFR 252.42(m); 80 Fed. Reg. 75,419; 12 CFR part 217, 
subpart G.
20 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Supervisory Stress Test Results
This section describes the Federal Reserve’s projec-
tions of RW As, losses, revenues, expenses, and capital 
positions for the 34 BHCs participating in DFAST 
2017 under the severely adverse and adverse sce-
narios. Results are presented both in the aggregate 
for the 34 BHCs and for individual BHCs. The 
aggregate results provide a sense of the stringency of 
the adverse and severely adverse scenario projections 
and the sensitivities of losses, revenues, and capital at 
these BHCs as a group to the stressed economic and 
financial market conditions contained in those sce-
narios. The range of results across individual BHCs 
reflects differences in business focus, asset composi-
tion, revenue and expense sources, and portfolio risk 
characteristics. The comprehensive results for indi-
vidual BHCs are reported in 
Appendix C. 
Y ear-over-year changes in supervisory stress test 
results reflect changes in
• BHC starting capital positions;
• scenarios used for the supervisory stress test;
• portfolio composition and risk characteristics; and
• models used in the supervisory stress test. 
In the aggregate, changes in portfolio composition 
and risk characteristics have contributed to lower 
loss rates in DFAST 2017 compared to DFAST 
2016. However, the trend varied across the firms. In 
the aggregate, DFAST firms have increased the share 
of agency MBS and Treasuries in their securities 
portfolios and have reduced the holdings of less liq-
uid assets like securitized products in their trading 
portfolios. Overall loan portfolios have grown, driven 
by strong growth in corporate, commercial real 
estate, and credit card loans. Residential mortgage 
growth lagged behind the overall loan growth, as 
healthy growth in first-lien mortgages was offset by a 
notable decline in home equity loans. The credit 
quality of some loan portfolios, including first-lien 
mortgages and commercial mortgages, has improved, 
in large part due to recent rises in real estate prices. 
However, improvements in portfolios collateralized 
by real estate were partially offset by continued stress 
on certain corporate loans due to persistently low oil 
prices and a recent uptick in delinquency rates in 
credit card portfolios.
Severely Adverse Scenario
Stressed Regulatory Capital Ratios and 
Risk-Weighted Assets
The projections suggest declines in capital ratios for 
all the BHCs under the severely adverse scenario. In 
the aggregate, each of the four capital ratios calcu-
lated in the fourth quarter of 2016 declines over the 
course of the planning horizon, with first-quarter 
2019 levels ranging from 2.1 percentage points to 
3.2 percentage points lower than at the start of the 
planning horizon (see 
table 2).39 Tables 4.A, 4.B, and 
4.C present these ratios for each of the 34 BHCs.
The changes in post-stress capital ratios vary consid-
erably across BHCs (see 
figure 10). The capital ratios 
for all firms decline over the course of the planning 
horizon. The post-stress capital ratios incorporate 
Federal Reserve projections of the levels of total 
average assets and RW As over the planning horizon. 
Declines in capital ratios in part reflect an increase in 
projected RW As over the planning horizon. The 
increase in RW As reflects projected asset and loan 
growth in the scenario and the impact of the scenar-
io’s assumed increase in equity market volatility on 
market risk-weighted assets (MRW As) at firms with 
large trading portfolios.
Projected Losses
The Federal Reserve projects that the 34 BHCs as a 
group would experience significant losses on posi-
tions and loans under the severely adverse scenario. 
39 In table 2, the decline from starting to ending aggregate tier 1 
leverage ratio is 2.2 percentage points. The difference is due to 
rounding.
21
In this scenario, losses are projected to be $493 bil-
lion for the 34 BHCs in the aggregate over the nine 
quarters of the planning horizon. These losses 
include
• $383 billion in accrual loan portfolio losses;
• $5 billion in OTTI and other realized securities 
losses;
• $86 billion in trading and/or counterparty losses at 
the eight BHCs with substantial trading, process-
ing, or custodial operations; and
• $18 billion in additional losses from items such as 
loans booked under the fair-value option (see 
table 2). 
The largest losses derive from two sources: (i) accrual 
loan portfolios and (ii) trading and counterparty 
positions subject to the global market shock and 
counterparty default component. Together, these 
account for 95 percent of the projected losses for the 
34 BHCs in the severely adverse scenario (
figure 9).
Loan Losses
Projected losses on consumer-related lending—
domestic residential mortgages, credit cards, and 
other consumer loans—represent 48 percent of pro-
jected loan losses and 37 percent of total projected 
losses for the 34 BHCs (see 
table 2). This is consis-
tent with the severely adverse scenario, which fea-
tures high unemployment rates and significant 
declines in housing prices. Credit card and commer-
cial and industrial loan losses are the two largest cat-
egories of losses at $100 billion each, combined rep-
resenting 52 percent of total projected loan losses. 
This is followed by $56 billion of losses in domestic 
commercial real estate loans.
For the 34 BHCs as a group, the nine-quarter cumu-
lative loss rate for all accrual loan portfolios is 
5.8 percent, where the loss rate is calculated as total 
projected loan losses over the nine quarters of the 
planning horizon divided by average loan balances 
over the horizon. Total loan loss rates vary signifi-
cantly across BHCs, ranging between 2.5 percent and 
13.0 percent across these institutions (see 
table 7 and 
figure 11).
The differences in total loan loss rates across the 
BHCs reflect differences in the risk characteristics of 
the portfolios held by each BHC with regard to both 
the type of lending of each portfolio and the loans 
within each portfolio. Loan portfolio composition 
matters because projected loss rates vary signifi-
cantly by loan type. In the aggregate, nine-quarter 
cumulative loss rates vary between 2.2 percent on 
domestic first-lien mortgages and 13.7 percent on 
credit cards, reflecting both differences in typical per-
formance of these loans—some loan types tend to 
generate higher losses, though generally also higher 
revenue—and differences in the sensitivity of differ-
ent types of lending to the severely adverse scenario. 
In particular, lending categories for which perfor-
mance is sensitive to unemployment rates or housing 
prices may experience high stressed loss rates due to 
the considerable stress on these factors in the severely 
adverse scenario.
Projected loss rates on most loan categories show 
similar dispersion across BHCs (see 
table 7 and fig-
ures D.1 through D.7).40 There are significant differ-
ences across BHCs in the projected loan loss rates for 
similar types of loans. For example, while the median 
projected loss rate on commercial and industrial 
loans is 6.0 percent, the rates among BHCs with 
commercial and industrial loans vary from a low of 
3.4 percent to a high of 13.8 percent. For commercial 
40 Losses are calculated based on the exposure at default, which 
includes both outstanding balances and any additional draw-
down of the credit line that occurs prior to default, while loss 
rates are calculated as a percent of average outstanding bal-
ances over the planning horizon. See 
appendix B for more 
detail on the models used to project net income and stressed 
capital.
Figure 9. Projected losses in the severely adverse scenario
Billions of dollars 
Other 
losses 
18 Other 
loans 
43 
Other 
consumer 
loans 
41 
Commercial 
real estate 
domestic 
56 
Securities 
losses 
5
Commercial 
and industrial 
loans 
100 
Credit cards 
100 
Trading and 
counterparty 
losses 
86 
Junior liens 
and HELOCs 
domestic 
17 
First-lien 
mortgages 
domestic 
27 
22 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
real estate loans, the range of projected loss rates is 
from 2.2 percent to 15.5 percent, with a median of 
7.4 percent.
Projected loss rates for first-lien residential mort-
gages and home equity loans declined significantly 
from DFAST 2016, continuing a downward trend in 
recent years. This decline reflects continued improve-
ment in the quality of bank mortgage portfolios, 
including a higher share of loans drawn from recent 
vintages for which underwriting standards are sig-
nificantly tighter than the pre-2008 period and recent 
house price appreciation. Also contributing to the 
lower loss rates are a number of refinements to the 
estimation of the first-lien mortgage and home 
equity models and the adjustment to default rates 
applied to home equity lines of credit reaching the 
end of their draw period.
Differences in projected loss rates across BHCs pri-
marily reflect differences in loan and borrower char-
acteristics. In addition, some BHCs have taken write-
downs on portfolios of impaired loans either pur-
chased or acquired through mergers. Losses on these 
loans are projected using the same loss models used 
for loans of the same type, and the resulting loss pro-
jections are reduced by the amount of such write-
downs. For these BHCs, projected loss rates will be 
lower than for BHCs that hold similar loans that 
have not been subject to purchase-related 
write-downs.
Losses on Trading, Private Equity, SFT, and 
Derivatives Positions
The severely adverse scenario results include $86 bil-
lion in trading losses from the global market shock at 
the six BHCs with large trading and private-equity 
exposures and losses from the counterparty default 
component at the eight BHCs with substantial trad-
ing, processing, or custodial operations. Trading and 
counterparty losses range between $0.4 billion and 
$25 billion across the eight BHCs (see 
table 5), with 
the largest losses at those BHCs that were subject to 
both the global market shock and the counterparty 
default component. Even so, the relative size of 
losses across firms depends not on nominal portfolio 
size but rather on the specific risk characteristics of 
each BHC’s trading positions, inclusive of hedges. 
Importantly, these projected losses are based on the 
trading positions and counterparty exposures held 
by these firms on a single date (January 3, 2017) and 
could have differed if they had been based on a dif-
ferent date.
Projected Pre-provision Net Revenue and 
Net Income
In the aggregate, the 34 BHCs are projected to gener-
ate $418 billion in PPNR cumulatively over the nine 
quarters of the planning horizon, equal to 2.6 per-
cent of their combined average assets (see 
table 2). 
PPNR projections reflect low levels of noninterest 
income, consistent with the falling asset prices, rising 
equity market volatility, and sharply contracting eco-
nomic activity in the severely adverse scenario. In 
addition, the PPNR projections incorporate 
expenses stemming from estimates of elevated levels 
of losses from operational-risk events such as fraud, 
employee lawsuits, litigation-related expenses, or 
computer system or other operating disruptions.
41 In 
aggregate for the 34 banks, those operational risk 
losses of almost $109 billion this year are within the 
range of losses projected over the past several stress 
test cycles.
The ratio of projected cumulative PPNR to average 
assets varies across BHCs (see 
figure 12). A signifi-
cant portion of this variation reflects differences in 
business focus across the institutions. For instance, 
the ratio of PPNR to assets tends to be higher at 
BHCs focusing on credit card lending, reflecting the 
higher net interest income that credit cards generally 
produce relative to other forms of lending.
42 Impor-
tantly, lower PPNR rates do not necessarily imply 
lower net income, since the same business focus and 
revenue risk characteristics determining differences 
in PPNR across firms could also result in offsetting 
differences in projected losses across BHCs.
Projected PPNR and losses are the primary determi-
nants of projected pre-tax net income. 
Table 5 pres-
ents projections of the components of pre-tax net 
income, including provisions into the ALLL and 
one-time income and expense and extraordinary 
items, under the severely adverse scenario for each of 
the 34 BHCs (see 
table 2 for aggregate). The projec-
tions are cumulative for the nine quarters of the 
planning horizon.
Of note, following U.S. GAAP, the net income pro-
jections incorporate loan losses indirectly through 
41 These estimates are conditional on the hypothetical adverse and 
severely adverse scenario and on conservative assumptions. 
They are not a supervisory estimate of the BHCs’ current or 
expected legal liability.
42 As noted, credit card lending also tends to generate relatively 
high loss rates, so the higher PPNR rates at these BHCs do not 
necessarily indicate higher profitability.
June 2017 23
provisions, which equal projected loan losses plus the 
amount needed for the ALLL to be at an appropri-
ate level at the end of each quarter. The $421 billion 
in total provisions includes $383 billion in net 
charge-offs, with the remainder being the reserve 
build. These amounts are cumulative over the plan-
ning horizon and mask variation in the ALLL dur-
ing the course of the nine quarters. Specifically, the 
projected ALLL increases during the early quarters 
of the planning horizon, given the increased eco-
nomic stress in the severely adverse scenario, and 
then declines as the economic stress abates.
The Federal Reserve’s projections of pre-tax net 
income under the severely adverse scenario imply 
negative net income at most of the 34 BHCs indi-
vidually and for the BHCs as a group over the nine-
quarter planning horizon. Projected net income 
before taxes (pre-tax net income) is an aggregate net 
loss of -$111 billion over the planning horizon for 
the 34 BHCs.
The ratio of pre-tax net income to average assets for 
each of the 34 BHCs ranges between -3.3 percent 
and 2.9 percent (see 
figure 13). Projected cumulative 
net income for most of the BHCs (25 of 34) is nega-
tive over the planning horizon. Differences across the 
firms reflect differences in the sensitivity of the vari-
ous components of net income to the economic and 
financial market conditions in the supervisory sce-
narios. Projected net income for the eight BHCs sub-
ject to the global market shock and/or the counter-
party default component includes the effect of those 
additional scenario components in the adverse and 
severely adverse scenarios, introducing some addi-
tional variation in projected net income between 
these eight BHCs and the other firms participating 
in DFAST 2017.
Final capital ratios for advanced approaches firms 
and other BHCs that opt into advanced approaches 
treatment for AOCI are also impacted by other com-
prehensive income (OCI) (
table 5), which is driven by 
unrealized gains and losses on securities in the super-
visory stress test.
24 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table 2. 34 participating bank holding companies
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses 
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  12.5   9.4   9.2
  Tier 1 capital ratio  13.9  10.8  10.6
  Total capital ratio  16.5  13.3  13.3
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.2   7.0   7.0
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   5.5   5.4
Note: In accordance with the regulatory capital framework, all risk-based capital 
ratios are calculated using standardized RWAs, which became effective on 
January 1, 2015.
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (%)1
  Loan losses  383.1   5.8
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   26.5   2.2
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   16.6   4.5
    Commercial and industrial
2   99.8   6.4
    Commercial real estate, domestic   56.1   7.0
    Credit cards  100.0  13.7
    Other consumer
3   41.1   5.9
    Other loans4   43.1   3.6
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1
 Item  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  9,745.3  10,548.0
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average 
assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   417.6   2.6
  Other revenue3   1.6    
    less
  Provisions   420.9    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   5.2    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   86.0    
  Other losses/gains5   18.3    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -111.3   -0.7
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   2.1    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   -50.6  -57.4
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 25
Table 3. Projected minimum common equity tier 1 ratio under the severely adverse scenario, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 
34 participating bank holding companies 
Percent
 Bank holding company
 Stressed ratios with DFA stress testing 
capital action 
assumptions
  Ally Financial Inc.   6.5
  American Express Company  10.6
  BancWest Corporation   9.1
  Bank of America Corporation   8.9
  The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation  11.2
  BB&T Corporation   7.9
  BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc.   7.7
  BMO Financial Corp.   8.0
  Capital One Financial Corporation   7.0
  CIT Group Inc.  12.9
  Citigroup Inc.   9.7
  Citizens Financial Group, Inc.   7.7
  Comerica Incorporated   9.4
  Deutsche Bank Trust Corporation  60.2
  Discover Financial Services  10.4
  Fifth Third Bancorp   8.0
  The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.   8.4
  HSBC North America Holdings Inc.  12.9
  Huntington Bancshares Incorporated   7.0
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.   9.1
  KeyCorp   6.8
  M&T Bank Corporation   7.9
  Morgan Stanley   9.4
  MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation  12.5
  Northern Trust Corporation  10.9
  The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.   8.0
  Regions Financial Corporation   8.2
  Santander Holdings USA, Inc.  12.4
  State Street Corporation   7.4
  SunTrust Banks, Inc.   7.1
  TD Group US Holdings LLC  11.3
  U.S. Bancorp   7.6
  Wells Fargo & Company   8.6
  Zions Bancorporation   8.5
Note: The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided within the Dodd-Frank stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These projections represent 
hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratio presented is for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. In 
accordance with the regulatory capital framework, all risk-based capital ratios are calculated using standardized RWAs, which became effective on January 1, 2015.  
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the severely adverse scenario.
26 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table 4.A. Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 under the severely adverse scenario: 
Advanced approaches firms
Percent
 Bank holding company
 Common equity
tier 1 capital ratio  Tier 1 capital ratio  Total capital ratio  Tier 1 leverage ratio  Supplementary 
leverage ratio*
 Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
  American Express 
Company  12.3  10.8  10.6  13.5  11.9  11.7  15.2  13.6  13.4  11.6  10.3  10.3  n/a  8.9  8.9
  Bank of America 
Corporation  12.1   8.9   8.9  13.6  10.5  10.5  16.3  13.2  13.2   8.9   6.8   6.8  n/a  5.4  5.4
  The Bank of New York 
Mellon Corporation  12.3  12.8  11.2  14.5  15.0  13.4  15.2  15.6  14.1   6.6   6.7   6.0  n/a  6.1  5.5
  Capital One Financial 
Corporation  10.1   7.0   7.0  11.6   8.4   8.4  14.3  11.6  10.9   9.9   7.3   7.3  n/a  6.3  6.3
  Citigroup Inc.  14.9  10.8   9.7  15.8  12.3  11.3  19.1  15.4  14.5  10.1   7.8   7.3  n/a  5.9  5.5
  The Goldman Sachs 
Group, Inc.  14.5   9.4   8.4  16.6  11.4  10.2  19.8  14.3  13.3   9.4   6.3   5.9  n/a  4.3  4.1
  HSBC North America 
Holdings Inc.  17.9  12.9  12.9  20.1  15.6  15.6  25.3  19.3  19.3   9.6   7.1   7.1  n/a  5.4  5.4
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.  12.5   9.3   9.1  14.2  10.9  10.7  16.4  13.3  12.9   8.4   6.4   6.4  n/a  5.0  5.0
  Morgan Stanley  17.8  11.1   9.4  20.0  13.4  11.7  23.2  16.3  14.9   8.4   5.5   4.9  n/a  4.2  3.8
  Northern Trust Corporation  11.8  11.0  10.9  12.9  12.1  12.1  14.5  13.7  13.7   8.0   7.4   7.4  n/a  6.2  6.2
  The PNC Financial Services 
Group, Inc.  10.6   8.3   8.0  12.0   9.5   9.3  14.3  11.4  11.4  10.1   8.1   8.0  n/a  6.8  6.7
  State Street Corporation  11.6   8.7   7.4  14.7  11.6  10.4  16.0  12.6  11.5   6.5   5.1   4.6  n/a  4.6  4.2
  TD Group US Holdings LLC  13.6  11.9  11.3  13.7  11.9  11.3  14.8  13.1  12.7   7.8   6.6   6.4  n/a  6.0  5.8
  U.S. Bancorp   9.4   7.6   7.6  11.0   9.0   9.0  13.2  11.0  11.0   9.0   7.4   7.4  n/a  6.0  6.0
  Wells Fargo & Company  11.1   8.8   8.6  12.8  10.4  10.2  16.1  13.4  13.4   8.9   7.2   7.2  n/a  6.2  6.1
Note: The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided within the Dodd-Frank stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These projections represent 
hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the supplementary leverage ratio, are for 
the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. In accordance with the regulatory capital framework, all 
risk-based capital ratios are calculated using standardized RWAs, which became effective on January 1, 2015.
*  The supplementary leverage ratio is calculated only for firms subject to the advanced approaches. 
n/a Not applicable.
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the severely adverse scenario.
June 2017 27
Table 4.B. Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 under the severely adverse scenario: 
Non-advanced approaches firms
Percent
 Bank holding company
 Common equity
tier 1 capital ratio  Tier 1 capital ratio  Total capital ratio  Tier 1 leverage ratio
 Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Minimum  Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Minimum  Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Minimum  Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Minimum
  Ally Financial Inc.   9.4   6.5   6.5  10.9   8.1   8.1  12.6  10.1  10.1   9.5   7.0   7.0
  BancWest Corporation  13.1   9.1   9.1  13.4   9.5   9.5  15.3  11.6  11.6  11.1   7.9   7.9
  BB&T Corporation  10.2   7.9   7.9  12.0   9.5   9.5  14.1  11.7  11.7  10.0   7.9   7.9
  BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc.  11.5   7.7   7.7  11.9   8.0   8.0  14.3  10.5  10.5   9.5   6.3   6.3
  BMO Financial Corp.  12.5   8.0   8.0  12.8   8.7   8.7  15.7  11.7  11.7   9.5   6.4   6.4
  CIT Group Inc.  14.0  14.5  12.9  14.0  14.5  12.9  14.8  15.8  14.0  13.9  11.9  11.9
  Citizens Financial Group, Inc.  11.2   7.7   7.7  11.4   7.8   7.8  14.0  10.4  10.4   9.9   6.8   6.8
  Comerica Incorporated  11.1   9.4   9.4  11.1   9.4   9.4  13.3  11.0  11.0  10.2   8.5   8.5
  Deutsche Bank Trust Corporation  64.4  60.2  60.2  64.4  60.2  60.2  64.7  61.2  61.2  14.6  13.5  13.5
  Discover Financial Services  13.2  10.8  10.4  13.9  11.4  11.0  15.5  12.8  12.4  12.3  10.1  10.0
  Fifth Third Bancorp  10.4   8.0   8.0  11.5   9.0   9.0  15.0  12.0  12.0   9.9   7.7   7.7
  Huntington Bancshares 
Incorporated   9.6   7.0   7.0  10.9   8.3   8.3  13.1  10.1  10.1   8.7   6.6   6.6
  KeyCorp   9.5   6.8   6.8  10.9   7.5   7.5  12.9   9.7   9.7   9.9   6.8   6.8
  M&T Bank Corporation  10.7   7.9   7.9  11.9   9.0   9.0  14.1  11.0  11.0  10.0   7.5   7.5
  MUFG Americas Holdings 
Corporation  14.8  12.5  12.5  14.8  12.5  12.5  16.4  14.1  14.1   9.9   8.2   8.2
  Regions Financial Corporation  11.2   8.2   8.2  12.0   8.9   8.9  14.2  11.0  11.0  10.2   7.5   7.5
  Santander Holdings USA, Inc.  14.5  12.4  12.4  16.1  13.6  13.6  18.0  15.3  15.3  12.5  10.5  10.5
  SunTrust Banks, Inc.   9.6   7.1   7.1  10.3   7.7   7.7  12.3   9.8   9.8   9.2   7.0   7.0
  Zions Bancorporation  12.1   8.5   8.5  13.5   9.9   9.9  15.2  11.5  11.5  11.1   8.1   8.1
Note: The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided within the Dodd-Frank stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These projections represent 
hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1.
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the severely adverse scenario.
Table 4.C. Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 under the severely adverse scenario: 
34 participating bank holding companies
Percent
 Bank holding company
 Common equity
tier 1 capital ratio  Tier 1 capital ratio  Total capital ratio  Tier 1 leverage ratio  Supplementary 
leverage ratio*
 Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
  34 participating bank 
holding companies  12.5  9.4  9.2  13.9  10.8  10.6  16.5  13.3  13.3  9.2  7.0  7.0  n/a  5.5  5.4
Note: The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These projections 
represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the supplementary leverage 
ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. In accordance with the regulatory capital 
framework, all risk-based capital ratios are calculated using standardized RWAs, which became effective on January 1, 2015.
*  The supplementary leverage ratio is calculated only for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the severely adverse scenario.
28 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Figure 10. Change from 2016:Q4 to minimum CET1 ratio in the severely adverse scenario
0.0 2.0 4.0 6.0 8.0 10.0 
Zions
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
TD Group 
SunTrust 
State Street 
Santander
Regions 
PNC 
Northern Trust 
MUFG Americas 
Morgan Stanley 
M&T 
KeyCorp
JPMorgan Chase 
Huntington 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
Fifth Third 
Discover 
DBTC 
Comerica 
Citizens 
Citigroup 
CIT
Capital One 
BMO
BBVA
BB&T
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
BancWest 
American Express 
Ally
Percent 
Median=2.8%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 as a percent of risk-weighted assets.
June 2017 29
Figure 11. Total loan loss rates in the severely adverse scenario
0.0 3.0 6.0 9.0 12.0 15.0 
Zions
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
TD Group 
SunTrust 
State Street
Santander
Regions
PNC 
Northern Trust 
MUFG Americas 
Morgan Stanley
M&T 
KeyCorp
JPMorgan Chase 
Huntington
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
Fifth Third 
Discover 
DBTC 
Comerica 
Citizens
Citigroup
CIT
Capital One 
BMO
BBVA 
BB&T
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
BancWest 
American Express 
Ally
Percent 
Median = 5.4%
Note: Estimates are for nine quarter period from 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
30 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table 5. Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes through 2019:Q1 under the severely adverse scenario: 
34 participating bank holding companies 
Billions of dollars
 Bank holding company
 Sum of revenues  Minus sum of provisions and losses  Equals  Memo items  Other effects 
on capital
 Pre-provision 
net revenue1
 Other
revenue2  Provisions
 Realized 
losses/gains 
on securities 
(AFS/HTM)
 Trading and 
counterparty 
losses3
 Other
losses/
gains4
 Net income
before
taxes
 Other
compre-
hensive
income5
 AOCI
included
in capital6 
(2019:Q1)
  Ally Financial Inc.   5.1  0.0   7.7  0.5   0.0   0.0   -3.1   0.0   0.0
  American Express Company   19.1  0.0   14.3  0.0   0.0   0.0   4.8   0.0   -2.8
  BancWest Corporation   2.4  0.0   5.5  0.0   0.0   0.0   -3.1   0.0   0.0
  Bank of America Corporation   40.2  0.8   48.2  0.9  15.7   2.7   -26.4   4.5   -1.9
  The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation   10.2  0.0   2.0  0.0   0.4   0.0   7.7   0.4   -3.4
  BB&T Corporation   7.9  0.0   8.0  0.0   0.0   0.0   -0.2   0.0   0.0
  BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc.   1.6  0.0   4.0  0.0   0.0   0.0   -2.4   0.0   0.0
  BMO Financial Corp.   1.7  0.0   4.4  0.0   0.0   0.0   -2.6   0.0   0.0
  Capital One Financial Corporation   29.6  0.0   35.4  0.0   0.0   0.1   -5.9  -0.3   -1.2
  CIT Group Inc.   1.6  0.0   3.0  0.0   0.0   0.4   -1.9   0.0   -0.1
  Citigroup Inc.   49.0  0.1   47.6  1.1   8.3   2.1   -9.9   0.8  -31.1
  Citizens Financial Group, Inc.   3.2  0.0   6.2  0.1   0.0   0.0   -3.1   0.0   0.0
  Comerica Incorporated   1.6  0.0   2.0  0.0   0.0   0.0   -0.4   0.0   0.0
  Deutsche Bank Trust Corporation   0.7  0.0   0.6  0.0   0.0   0.0   0.2   0.0   0.0
  Discover Financial Services   13.1  0.0   12.6  0.0   0.0   0.0   0.6   0.0   0.0
  Fifth Third Bancorp   4.3  0.0   5.6  0.0   0.0   0.1   -1.4   0.0   0.0
  The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.   6.0  0.0   6.8  0.0  18.4   3.7   -22.8   0.0   -1.2
  HSBC North America Holdings Inc.   -1.4  0.8   4.0  0.0   0.0   0.6   -5.2   1.8   0.7
  Huntington Bancshares Incorporated   2.8  0.0   3.5  0.1   0.0   0.0   -0.8   0.0   0.0
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.   66.5  0.0   58.8  0.1  25.2   0.6   -18.3  -1.1   -2.2
  KeyCorp   3.4  0.0   6.1  0.0   0.0   0.1   -2.8   0.0   0.0
  M&T Bank Corporation   4.7  0.0   5.5  0.0   0.0   0.1   -0.9   0.0   0.0
  Morgan Stanley   4.9  0.0   4.5  0.0   9.5   4.7   -13.8   0.7   -1.9
  MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation   2.8  0.0   4.4  0.0   0.0   0.3   -1.9   0.0   0.0
  Northern Trust Corporation   3.1  0.0   1.9  0.0   0.0   0.0   1.2   0.2   -0.2
  The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.   12.2  0.0   9.9  0.1   0.0   0.3   1.9  -0.5   -1.0
  Regions Financial Corporation   3.8  0.0   5.6  0.0   0.0   0.0   -1.8   0.0   0.0
  Santander Holdings USA, Inc.   7.0  0.0   7.0  0.0   0.0   0.2   -0.2   0.0   0.0
  State Street Corporation   4.2  0.0   0.8  0.4   0.9   0.0   2.1  -1.0   -3.0
  SunTrust Banks, Inc.   5.7  0.0   7.4  0.0   0.0   1.1   -2.8   0.0   0.0
  TD Group US Holdings LLC   6.7  0.0   9.5  0.0   0.0   0.0   -2.8  -0.8   -0.8
  U.S. Bancorp   20.8  0.0   19.4  0.1   0.0   0.0   1.3   1.1   -0.5
  Wells Fargo & Company   71.2  0.0   55.9  1.6   7.7   1.1   4.8  -3.5   -6.8
  Zions Bancorporation   1.7  0.0   3.0  0.0   0.0   0.0   -1.4   0.0   0.0
  34 participating bank holding companies  417.6  1.6  420.9  5.2  86.0  18.3  -111.3   2.1  -57.4
Note: These projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected. Estimates may not sum precisely due to 
rounding.
1
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and other real estate owned costs.
2
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in pre-provision net revenue.
3
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation adjustments losses and losses arising from the counterparty default scenario component 
applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase agreement activities.
4
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and goodwill impairment 
losses.
5
 
Other comprehensive income is only calculated for advanced approaches BHCs and other BHCs that opt into advanced approaches treatment for AOCI.
6
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in projected regulatory capital. Those transitions are 80 percent included in projected regulatory 
capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the severely adverse scenario.
June 2017 31
Table 6. Projected loan losses by type of loan for 2017:Q1-2019:Q1 under the severely adverse scenario: 
34 participating bank holding companies 
Billions of dollars
 Bank holding company  Loan
losses
 First-lien
mortgages,
domestic
 Junior liens
and HELOCs,
domestic
 Commercial
and
industrial
 Commercial
real estate,
domestic1
 Credit
cards
 Other
consumer2
 Other
loans3
  Ally Financial Inc.   6.5   0.2   0.1   2.0   0.1   0.0   4.1   0.0
  American Express Company   10.9   0.0   0.0   4.2   0.0   6.7   0.0   0.0
  BancWest Corporation   4.7   0.2   0.1   1.5   1.4   0.1   1.0   0.4
  Bank of America Corporation   45.0   4.1   3.5  12.1   5.9   11.7   1.9   5.7
  The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation   1.7   0.2   0.0   0.1   0.3   0.0   0.3   0.8
  BB&T Corporation   7.1   0.8   0.3   1.5   2.3   0.3   1.3   0.6
  BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc.   3.7   0.4   0.1   1.4   1.1   0.1   0.3   0.2
  BMO Financial Corp.   4.0   0.2   0.4   1.7   0.7   0.1   0.1   0.7
  Capital One Financial Corporation   31.7   0.2   0.1   3.1   1.6   21.7   4.1   0.8
  CIT Group Inc.   2.6   0.1   0.0   1.4   0.7   0.0   0.0   0.4
  Citigroup Inc.   44.5   2.1   1.4   8.1   1.3   21.4   3.5   6.8
  Citizens Financial Group, Inc.   5.4   0.2   0.7   1.8   1.1   0.2   1.1   0.3
  Comerica Incorporated   2.2   0.0   0.1   1.0   0.7   0.0   0.1   0.3
  Deutsche Bank Trust Corporation   0.5   0.1   0.0   0.1   0.2   0.0   0.0   0.1
  Discover Financial Services   10.5   0.0   0.0   0.0   0.0   8.7   1.8   0.0
  Fifth Third Bancorp   5.4   0.5   0.4   2.0   1.4   0.4   0.4   0.4
  The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.   6.2   1.3   0.0   2.1   0.3   0.0   0.1   2.3
  HSBC North America Holdings Inc.   3.9   0.3   0.1   2.4   0.7   0.1   0.0   0.4
  Huntington Bancshares Incorporated   3.2   0.3   0.3   1.0   0.8   0.1   0.6   0.2
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.   54.0   4.1   2.3  15.9   4.3   15.7   3.2   8.6
  KeyCorp   5.4   0.3   0.4   2.0   1.8   0.1   0.5   0.4
  M&T Bank Corporation   5.0   1.0   0.3   0.8   2.4   0.1   0.4   0.2
  Morgan Stanley   3.6   0.4   0.0   1.2   0.5   0.0   0.1   1.4
  MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation   3.9   0.6   0.1   1.4   1.3   0.0   0.1   0.3
  Northern Trust Corporation   1.5   0.1   0.1   0.3   0.3   0.0   0.0   0.6
  The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.   9.3   0.4   0.4   4.3   2.3   0.6   0.7   0.6
  Regions Financial Corporation   5.1   0.5   0.4   1.7   1.5   0.2   0.4   0.4
  Santander Holdings USA, Inc.   8.1   0.2   0.2   0.8   1.0   0.1   4.9   0.8
  State Street Corporation   0.6   0.0   0.0   0.2   0.0   0.0   0.0   0.4
  SunTrust Banks, Inc.   6.7   0.8   0.5   2.2   1.3   0.2   1.3   0.3
  TD Group US Holdings LLC   8.8   0.7   0.5   2.1   1.8   2.3   0.6   0.8
  U.S. Bancorp   17.9   1.0   0.8   5.9   4.0   3.4   1.4   1.3
  Wells Fargo & Company   50.4   4.9   2.8  12.4  11.4   5.9   6.8   6.4
  Zions Bancorporation   2.9   0.0   0.1   1.0   1.4   0.0   0.0   0.2
  34 participating bank holding companies  383.1  26.5  16.6  99.8  56.1  100.0  41.1  43.1
Note: These projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected. 
1
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans and corporate cards.
2
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
3
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the severely adverse scenario.
32 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table 7. Projected loan losses by type of loan for 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 under the severely adverse scenario: 
34 participating bank holding companies 
Percent of average balances
1
 Bank holding company  Loan
losses
 First-lien
mortgages,
domestic
 Junior liens
and HELOCs,
domestic
 Commercial
and
industrial
 Commercial
real estate,
domestic2
 Credit cards  Other
consumer3  Other loans4
  Ally Financial Inc.   5.2   2.4   6.3   4.3   2.2   0.0   6.6   7.5
  American Express Company   9.1   0.0   0.0  10.2   0.0   8.6   0.0   0.0
  BancWest Corporation   6.4   2.3   3.9   8.8   7.6  13.0   5.6   6.6
  Bank of America Corporation   4.6   2.1   5.1   4.7   8.0  12.2   2.2   3.0
  The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation   2.5   2.2   5.0   3.4   7.9   0.0   9.3   1.6
  BB&T Corporation   4.7   2.5   3.2   5.2   6.0  13.2   6.3   3.4
  BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc.   5.9   2.9   4.8   7.1   8.2  16.9   7.0   2.5
  BMO Financial Corp.   5.7   3.2  10.4   5.9   7.9  11.7   2.4   4.9
  Capital One Financial Corporation  12.2   1.1   7.0  10.2   5.3  20.3   8.1   4.3
  CIT Group Inc.   8.6   1.3   2.6  10.3  10.9   0.0  12.9  11.1
  Citigroup Inc.   6.8   2.6   6.9   5.1   7.8  13.7  12.1   3.5
  Citizens Financial Group, Inc.   4.8   1.2   4.5   5.5   7.9  11.9   4.9   3.3
  Comerica Incorporated   4.2   2.2   3.1   3.5   6.0   0.0   8.4   4.8
  Deutsche Bank Trust Corporation   3.7   2.2   4.7   4.9   7.4   0.0   3.7   1.8
  Discover Financial Services  13.0   2.7   9.4  13.8  15.5  13.5  11.0   5.1
  Fifth Third Bancorp   5.6   3.2   4.9   5.5  11.8  16.6   3.7   3.4
  The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.   8.1  52.3   4.5  11.1   8.9   0.0   5.5   4.7
  HSBC North America Holdings Inc.   5.3   1.5   3.7   7.6   5.9  13.5   7.0   3.9
  Huntington Bancshares Incorporated   4.6   2.8   3.4   4.8   7.0  13.5   4.2   3.9
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.   5.7   1.8   4.4   9.7   3.8  11.5   4.3   4.7
  KeyCorp   5.9   3.3   3.9   6.0   9.8  12.8   6.9   2.8
  M&T Bank Corporation   5.4   4.2   4.3   4.2   7.1  13.5   6.0   3.6
  Morgan Stanley   3.2   1.6   4.5  10.4   5.0   0.0   0.6   3.0
  MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation   4.8   1.9   3.4   7.2   7.5  13.5  12.9   3.5
  Northern Trust Corporation   4.4   1.7   7.2   4.2   7.3   0.0  13.8   4.2
  The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.   4.3   1.7   2.0   5.8   6.1  12.6   3.2   1.8
  Regions Financial Corporation   6.1   3.2   4.9   7.2  10.4  15.2   7.1   2.7
  Santander Holdings USA, Inc.   9.1   2.7   3.7   4.0   5.7  13.2  17.5  10.0
  State Street Corporation   3.1   0.0   0.0   6.2   6.6   0.0   0.6   2.5
  SunTrust Banks, Inc.   4.5   2.9   4.4   4.7   6.9  14.1   4.9   2.1
  TD Group US Holdings LLC   5.5   2.7   5.1   5.8   6.7  18.9   2.5   3.2
  U.S. Bancorp   6.3   1.7   4.6   7.9   9.7  15.2   3.6   4.9
  Wells Fargo & Company   5.0   1.8   4.3   6.4   7.7  15.3   6.9   3.4
  Zions Bancorporation   6.4   0.6   2.6   8.6   7.3  13.5   9.5   7.5
  34 participating bank holding companies   5.8   2.2   4.5   6.4   7.0  13.7   5.9   3.6
Note: These projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected.
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are calculated over 
nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans. 
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the severely adverse scenario.
June 2017 33
Figure 12. PPNR rates in the severely adverse scenario
-1.0 0.0 1.0 2.0 3.0 4.0 5.0 6.0 7.0 8.0 9.0 10.0 11.0 12.0 
Zions 
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp
TD Group
SunTrust 
State Street 
Santander
Regions
PNC
Northern Trust 
MUFG Americas 
Morgan Stanley 
M&T
KeyCorp
JPMorgan Chase
Huntington 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs
Fifth Third 
Discover 
DBTC
Comerica 
Citizens 
Citigroup 
CIT 
Capital One 
BMO
BBVA 
BB&T
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
BancWest 
American Express 
Ally 
Percent 
Median = 2.6%
13.5
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 as a percent of average assets.
34 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Figure 13. Pre-tax net income rates in the severely adverse scenario
-3.5 -3.0 -2.5 -2.0 -1.5 -1.0 -0.5 0.0 0.5 1.0 1.5 2.0 2.5 3.0 
Zions
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
TD Group 
SunTrust 
State Street
Santander
Regions
PNC 
Northern Trust 
MUFG Americas 
Morgan Stanley
M&T 
KeyCorp
JPMorgan Chase 
Huntington
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
Fifth Third 
Discover 
DBTC 
Comerica 
Citizens
Citigroup
CIT
Capital One 
BMO
BBVA 
BB&T
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
BancWest 
American Express 
Ally
Percent 
Median = -0.9%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 as a percent of average assets.
June 2017 35
Adverse Scenario
Stressed Capital Ratios and 
Risk-Weighted Assets
The adverse scenario projections suggest moderate 
declines in aggregate capital ratios for the 34 BHCs. 
The aggregate CET1 ratio is projected to fall 1.8 per-
centage points to its minimum over the planning 
horizon and to be 1.3 percentage points lower at the 
end of the planning horizon (see 
table 8). In addi-
tion, at the end of the planning horizon, the tier 1 
risk-based capital ratio and the total risk-based capi-
tal ratio are 1.3 and 1.7 percentage points lower than 
at the start of the planning horizon, respectively. The 
tier 1 leverage ratio is projected to decline 1.0 per-
centage points over the planning horizon.
Generally, the projected declines in post-stress capital 
ratios are smaller than those under the severely 
adverse scenario, reflecting the less severe economic 
conditions assumed in the adverse scenario. As com-
pared to the severely adverse scenario, the adverse 
scenario projections imply higher aggregate net 
income driven by higher PPNR and lower losses. 
Offsetting somewhat the effect of aggregate higher 
net income on capital, the adverse scenario also fea-
tures more robust projected balance sheet and RW A 
growth than the severely adverse scenario, which on 
net tends to reduce post-stress capital ratios.
Projected Losses
The Federal Reserve’s projections suggest that the 
34 BHCs as a group would face elevated losses under 
the adverse scenario, though not as large as the 
losses under the severely adverse scenario. In this sce-
nario, total losses are projected to equal $322 billion 
for the 34 BHCs over the nine-quarter planning 
horizon.
These losses include
• $257 billion in accrual loan losses,
• $3 billion in OTTI and other realized securities 
losses,
• $46 billion in losses from the global market shock 
and the largest counterparty default compo-
nents, and
• $15 billion in additional losses from items such as 
loans booked under the fair-value option. 
These results are presented in aggregate (
table 8) and 
individually for each of the 34 BHCs (table 11 and 
appendix C). Aggregate loss amounts are lower than 
those projected under the severely adverse scenario, 
once again reflecting the relatively less stressful mac-
roeconomic and financial market conditions 
assumed in the adverse scenario.
Loan Losses
As in the severely adverse scenario, the accrual loan 
portfolio is the largest source of losses in the adverse 
scenario, accounting for $257 billion of projected 
losses for the 34 BHCs. The lower peak 
unemployment rate and more moderate residential 
and commercial real estate price declines in the 
adverse scenario result in lower projected accrual 
loan losses on consumer and real estate–related loans 
relative to the severely adverse scenario. In aggregate, 
the nine-quarter loan loss rate of the 34 BHCs is 
3.9 percent. As in the severely adverse scenario 
results, there is considerable diversity across firms in 
projected loan loss rates, both in the aggregate and 
by loan type (see 
figures 16 and D.8 to D.14).
Losses on Trading, Private Equity, and 
Derivatives Positions
Projected losses resulting from the impact of the 
global market shock and the largest counterparty 
default on trading, private equity, and counterparty 
Figure 14. Projected losses in the adverse scenario
Other 
losses 
15 Other 
loans 
27 
Other 
consumer 
loans 
31 
Commercial 
real estate 
domestic 
27 
Securities 
losses 
3
Commercial 
and industrial 
loans 
67 
Credit cards 
79 
Trading and 
counterparty 
losses 
46 
Junior liens 
and HELOCs 
domestic 
11 
First-lien 
mortgages 
domestic 
15 
Billions of dollars 
36 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
exposures for the eight BHCs with large trading, pro-
cessing, or custodial operations equal $46 billion 
under the adverse scenario. These losses are slightly 
more than half those projected under the severely 
adverse scenario, reflecting the less severe market 
shocks assumed in the global market shock compo-
nent of the adverse scenario.
Projected PPNR and Net Income
Aggregate PPNR is projected to equal $541 billion 
for the 34 BHCs under the adverse scenario, equal to 
3.3 percent of average projected assets for these 
firms. Projected PPNR is higher than under the 
severely adverse scenario due to a steeper yield curve 
and less severe economic and financial market condi-
tions, resulting in a smaller reduction in noninterest 
income and operational risk losses. However, pro-
jected operational risk losses are lower compared to 
the severely adverse scenario, the latter being consis-
tent with the adverse scenario’s more moderate hous-
ing price decline. Projected ratios of PPNR to assets 
vary significantly across the 34 BHCs (see 
figure 17).
In the aggregate, the 34 BHCs are projected to have 
cumulative pre-tax net income of $214 billion over 
the nine-quarter planning horizon under the adverse 
scenario. Twenty-seven of the BHCs are projected to 
have positive cumulative pre-tax net income, though 
20 firms experience at least one quarter of negative 
pre-tax net income during the planning horizon. The 
higher net income, as compared to the severely 
adverse scenario projections, reflects the combina-
tion of higher projected PPNR and lower projected 
losses, especially on trading, private equity and coun-
terparty positions, and on the accrual loan portfolio. 
The $264 billion in total provisions reported in 
table 8 includes $257 billion in net charge-offs, with 
the remainder being the reserve build, or the increase 
in loan loss reserves.
Aggregate pre-tax net income under the adverse sce-
nario is positive, with a ratio of income to average 
assets of 1.3 percent. Projected nine-quarter return 
on assets under the adverse scenario ranges between 
-0.8 and 5.8 percent for the 34 BHCs (see 
figure 18).
The interest rate path and credit spreads assumed in 
the scenario result in -$21 billion of OCI over the 
nine quarters of the planning horizon for advanced 
approaches BHCs and other BHCs that opt into 
advanced approaches treatment for AOCI. Reflect-
ing the gradual phasing-in of portions of AOCI in 
the revised regulatory capital framework, -$80 billion 
in AOCI is included in post-stress regulatory capital 
as of the first quarter of 2019.
June 2017 37
Table 8. 34 participating bank holding companies
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses 
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  12.5  11.2  10.7
  Tier 1 capital ratio  13.9  12.6  12.2
  Total capital ratio  16.5  14.8  14.6
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.2   8.2   8.0
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   6.3   6.1
Note: In accordance with the regulatory capital framework, all risk-based capital 
ratios are calculated using standardized RWAs, which became effective on 
January 1, 2015.
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (%)1
  Loan losses  257.4   3.9
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   14.7   1.2
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   10.5   2.9
    Commercial and industrial
2   67.4   4.3
    Commercial real estate, domestic   27.2   3.3
    Credit cards   79.2  10.7
    Other consumer
3   31.0   4.4
    Other loans4   27.5   2.3
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1
 Item  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  9,745.3  10,857.8
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average 
assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  540.9   3.3
  Other revenue3   1.6    
    less
  Provisions  263.8    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   3.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   46.4    
  Other losses/gains5   14.9    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  214.3   1.3
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  -20.8    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -50.6  -80.4
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
38 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table 9. Projected minimum common equity tier 1 ratio under the adverse scenario, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
34 participating bank holding companies 
Percent
 Bank holding company
 Stressed ratios with DFA stress testing 
capital action 
assumptions
  Ally Financial Inc.   8.4
  American Express Company  11.7
  BancWest Corporation  11.8
  Bank of America Corporation  10.6
  The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation  11.0
  BB&T Corporation   9.4
  BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc.  10.1
  BMO Financial Corp.  10.4
  Capital One Financial Corporation   8.6
  CIT Group Inc.  13.3
  Citigroup Inc.  11.4
  Citizens Financial Group, Inc.   9.7
  Comerica Incorporated  10.7
  Deutsche Bank Trust Corporation  60.7
  Discover Financial Services  12.0
  Fifth Third Bancorp   9.8
  The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.  11.4
  HSBC North America Holdings Inc.  13.4
  Huntington Bancshares Incorporated   8.6
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.  10.7
  KeyCorp   8.6
  M&T Bank Corporation   9.5
  Morgan Stanley  13.2
  MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation  14.3
  Northern Trust Corporation  11.4
  The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.   9.0
  Regions Financial Corporation  10.1
  Santander Holdings USA, Inc.  14.3
  State Street Corporation   8.6
  SunTrust Banks, Inc.   8.5
  TD Group US Holdings LLC  13.2
  U.S. Bancorp   8.7
  Wells Fargo & Company   9.9
  Zions Bancorporation  11.0
Note: The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided within the Dodd-Frank stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These projections represent 
hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratio presented is for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. In 
accordance with the regulatory capital framework, all risk-based capital ratios are calculated using standardized RWAs, which became effective on January 1, 2015.  
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the adverse scenario.
June 2017 39
Figure 15. Change from 2016:Q4 to minimum CET1 ratio in the adverse scenario
0.0 1.0 2.0 3.0 4.0 5.0 
Zions
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
TD Group 
SunTrust 
State Street 
Santander 
Regions 
PNC 
Northern Trust 
MUFG Americas 
Morgan Stanley
M&T 
KeyCorp 
JPMorgan Chase 
Huntington 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
Fifth Third 
Discover 
DBTC 
Comerica 
Citizens 
Citigroup 
CIT 
Capital One 
BMO 
BBVA 
BB&T 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
BancWest 
American Express 
Ally
Percent 
Median =1.2%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 as a percent of risk-weighted assets.
40 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Figure 16. Total loan loss rates in the adverse scenario
0.0 2.0 4.0 6.0 8.0 10.0 12.0 
Zions
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
TD Group 
SunTrust 
State Street
Santander
Regions
PNC 
Northern Trust 
MUFG Americas 
Morgan Stanley
M&T 
KeyCorp
JPMorgan Chase 
Huntington
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
Fifth Third 
Discover 
DBTC 
Comerica 
Citizens
Citigroup
CIT
Capital One 
BMO
BBVA 
BB&T
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
BancWest 
American Express 
Ally
Percent 
Median = 3.6%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
June 2017 41
Table 10.A. Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 under the adverse scenario: 
Advanced approaches firms
Percent
 Bank holding company
 Common equity
tier 1 capital ratio  Tier 1 capital ratio  Total capital ratio  Tier 1 leverage ratio  Supplementary 
leverage ratio*
 Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
  American Express 
Company  12.3  12.9  11.7  13.5  14.0  12.9  15.2  15.6  14.6  11.6  11.9  11.0  n/a  10.2  9.8
  Bank of America 
Corporation  12.1  11.1  10.6  13.6  12.7  12.2  16.3  14.8  14.7   8.9   8.2   8.0  n/a   6.5  6.3
  The Bank of New York 
Mellon Corporation  12.3  13.3  11.0  14.5  15.4  13.3  15.2  16.0  13.8   6.6   6.8   6.0  n/a   6.2  5.6
  Capital One Financial 
Corporation  10.1   9.2   8.6  11.6  10.5  10.0  14.3  13.6  12.4   9.9   8.9   8.7  n/a   7.7  7.5
  Citigroup Inc.  14.9  12.6  11.4  15.8  14.1  13.0  19.1  16.9  16.1  10.1   9.0   8.3  n/a   6.7  6.3
  The Goldman Sachs 
Group, Inc.  14.5  11.5  11.4  16.6  13.4  13.3  19.8  16.2  16.1   9.4   7.4   7.4  n/a   5.1  5.1
  HSBC North America 
Holdings Inc.  17.9  13.4  13.4  20.1  16.0  16.0  25.3  19.2  19.2   9.6   7.2   7.2  n/a   5.5  5.5
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.  12.5  11.1  10.7  14.2  12.6  12.3  16.4  14.6  14.3   8.4   7.3   7.2  n/a   5.7  5.6
  Morgan Stanley  17.8  13.9  13.2  20.0  16.1  15.6  23.2  18.8  18.5   8.4   6.6   6.4  n/a   5.0  4.9
  Northern Trust Corporation  11.8  11.8  11.4  12.9  12.9  12.5  14.5  14.2  14.1   8.0   7.7   7.6  n/a   6.6  6.5
  The PNC Financial Services 
Group, Inc.  10.6   9.5   9.0  12.0  10.6  10.2  14.3  12.2  12.1  10.1   8.9   8.7  n/a   7.5  7.3
  State Street Corporation  11.6   9.9   8.6  14.7  12.8  11.6  16.0  13.7  12.7   6.5   5.5   5.1  n/a   5.0  4.6
  TD Group US Holdings LLC  13.6  13.9  13.2  13.7  13.9  13.2  14.8  14.8  14.3   7.8   7.6   7.4  n/a   7.0  6.8
  U.S. Bancorp   9.4   9.0   8.7  11.0  10.4  10.1  13.2  12.1  12.0   9.0   8.4   8.3  n/a   6.8  6.7
  Wells Fargo & Company  11.1  10.5   9.9  12.8  12.0  11.4  16.1  14.7  14.5   8.9   8.3   8.0  n/a   7.1  6.8
Note: The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided within the Dodd-Frank stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These projections represent 
hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the supplementary leverage ratio, are for 
the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. In accordance with the regulatory capital framework, all 
risk-based capital ratios are calculated using standardized RWAs, which became effective on January 1, 2015.
*  The supplementary leverage ratio is calculated only for firms subject to the advanced approaches. 
n/a Not applicable.
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the adverse scenario.
42 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table 10.B. Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 under the adverse scenario: 
Non-advanced approaches firms
Percent
 Bank holding company
 Common equity
tier 1 capital ratio  Tier 1 capital ratio  Total capital ratio  Tier 1 leverage ratio
 Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Minimum  Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Minimum  Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Minimum  Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Minimum
  Ally Financial Inc.   9.4   8.6   8.4  10.9  10.2  10.1  12.6  12.1  12.0   9.5   8.8   8.8
  BancWest Corporation  13.1  11.8  11.8  13.4  12.3  12.3  15.3  14.3  14.3  11.1  10.1  10.1
  BB&T Corporation  10.2   9.5   9.4  12.0  11.0  11.0  14.1  12.8  12.8  10.0   9.1   9.1
  BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc.  11.5  10.1  10.1  11.9  10.4  10.4  14.3  12.7  12.7   9.5   8.1   8.1
  BMO Financial Corp.  12.5  10.4  10.4  12.8  11.0  11.0  15.7  13.6  13.6   9.5   8.0   8.0
  CIT Group Inc.  14.0  16.9  13.3  14.0  16.9  13.3  14.8  18.1  14.2  13.9  13.9  13.2
  Citizens Financial Group, Inc.  11.2   9.7   9.7  11.4   9.9   9.9  14.0  12.3  12.3   9.9   8.4   8.4
  Comerica Incorporated  11.1  10.7  10.7  11.1  10.7  10.7  13.3  12.1  12.1  10.2   9.5   9.5
  Deutsche Bank Trust Corporation  64.4  60.7  60.7  64.4  60.7  60.7  64.7  61.3  61.3  14.6  13.4  13.4
  Discover Financial Services  13.2  13.0  12.0  13.9  13.6  12.7  15.5  15.0  14.2  12.3  11.8  11.4
  Fifth Third Bancorp  10.4   9.9   9.8  11.5  10.8  10.8  15.0  13.4  13.4   9.9   9.2   9.2
  Huntington Bancshares 
Incorporated   9.6   8.6   8.6  10.9   9.9   9.9  13.1  11.4  11.4   8.7   7.7   7.7
  KeyCorp   9.5   8.6   8.6  10.9   9.3   9.3  12.9  11.1  11.1   9.9   8.4   8.4
  M&T Bank Corporation  10.7   9.6   9.5  11.9  10.7  10.6  14.1  12.3  12.3  10.0   8.8   8.8
  MUFG Americas Holdings 
Corporation  14.8  14.4  14.3  14.8  14.4  14.3  16.4  15.5  15.5   9.9   9.4   9.4
  Regions Financial Corporation  11.2  10.1  10.1  12.0  10.8  10.8  14.2  12.6  12.6  10.2   9.0   9.0
  Santander Holdings USA, Inc.  14.5  15.9  14.3  16.1  17.3  15.9  18.0  19.0  17.8  12.5  13.4  12.2
  SunTrust Banks, Inc.   9.6   8.6   8.5  10.3   9.2   9.1  12.3  10.9  10.9   9.2   8.2   8.2
  Zions Bancorporation  12.1  11.0  11.0  13.5  12.3  12.3  15.2  13.7  13.7  11.1   9.9   9.9
Note: The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided within the Dodd-Frank stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These projections represent 
hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1.
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the adverse scenario.
Table 10.C. Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 under the adverse scenario: 
34 participating bank holding companies
Percent
 Bank holding company
 Common equity
tier 1 capital ratio  Tier 1 capital ratio  Total capital ratio  Tier 1 leverage ratio  Supplementary 
leverage ratio*
 Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual 
2016:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
  34 participating bank 
holding companies  12.5  11.2  10.7  13.9  12.6  12.2  16.5  14.8  14.6  9.2  8.2  8.0  n/a  6.3  6.1
Note: The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These projections 
represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the supplementary leverage 
ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. In accordance with the regulatory capital 
framework, all risk-based capital ratios are calculated using standardized RWAs, which became effective on January 1, 2015.
*  The supplementary leverage ratio is calculated only for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the adverse scenario.
June 2017 43
Table 11. Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes through 2019:Q1 under the adverse scenario: 
34 participating bank holding companies 
Billions of dollars
 Bank holding company
 Sum of revenues  Minus sum of provisions and losses  Equals  Memo items  Other effects 
on capital
 Pre-provision 
net revenue1
 Other
revenue2  Provisions
 Realized 
losses/gains 
on securities 
(AFS/HTM)
 Trading and 
counterparty 
losses3
 Other
losses/
gains4
 Net income
before
taxes
 Other
compre-
hensive
income5
 AOCI
included
in capital6 
(2019:Q1)
  Ally Financial Inc.   6.3  0.0   5.3  0.3   0.0   0.0   0.6   0.0   0.0
  American Express Company   20.5  0.0   10.6  0.0   0.0   0.0   9.9   0.0   -2.8
  BancWest Corporation   3.1  0.0   3.2  0.0   0.0   0.0   -0.1   0.0   0.0
  Bank of America Corporation   61.5  0.8   28.1  0.6   9.7   2.3   21.6   -1.9   -8.3
  The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation   13.0  0.0   1.3  0.0   0.2   0.0   11.5   -0.7   -4.4
  BB&T Corporation   10.0  0.0   4.7  0.0   0.0   0.0   5.2   0.0   0.0
  BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc.   2.3  0.0   2.3  0.0   0.0   0.0   0.0   0.0   0.0
  BMO Financial Corp.   2.7  0.0   2.7  0.0   0.0   0.0   -0.1   0.0   0.0
  Capital One Financial Corporation   32.6  0.0   26.3  0.0   0.0   0.1   6.1   -0.8   -1.7
  CIT Group Inc.   1.9  0.0   1.8  0.0   0.0   0.4   -0.4   0.0   -0.1
  Citigroup Inc.   63.3  0.1   32.5  0.6   5.6   1.9   22.8   -2.8  -34.6
  Citizens Financial Group, Inc.   4.3  0.0   3.9  0.1   0.0   0.0   0.3   0.0   0.0
  Comerica Incorporated   2.2  0.0   0.9  0.0   0.0   0.0   1.3   0.0   0.0
  Deutsche Bank Trust Corporation   0.9  0.0   0.3  0.0   0.0   0.0   0.5   0.0   0.0
  Discover Financial Services   13.9  0.0   10.0  0.0   0.0   0.0   3.9   0.0   0.0
  Fifth Third Bancorp   5.8  0.0   3.2  0.0   0.0   0.1   2.5   0.0   0.0
  The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.   10.1  0.0   4.7  0.0   9.7   2.7   -7.1   0.0   -1.2
  HSBC North America Holdings Inc.   0.6  0.8   2.1  0.0   0.0   0.4   -1.2   0.0   -1.1
  Huntington Bancshares Incorporated   3.6  0.0   2.1  0.1   0.0   0.0   1.3   0.0   0.0
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.   85.9  0.0   36.3  0.1  12.4   0.6   36.5   -4.2   -5.3
  KeyCorp   4.7  0.0   3.6  0.0   0.0   0.1   0.9   0.0   0.0
  M&T Bank Corporation   5.6  0.0   3.2  0.0   0.0   0.1   2.3   0.0   0.0
  Morgan Stanley   9.4  0.0   2.7  0.0   4.8   3.7   -1.9   -0.2   -2.8
  MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation   3.8  0.0   2.1  0.0   0.0   0.3   1.3   0.0   0.0
  Northern Trust Corporation   3.9  0.0   1.1  0.0   0.0   0.0   2.8   0.0   -0.4
  The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.   15.7  0.0   5.6  0.1   0.0   0.3   9.7   -1.3   -1.8
  Regions Financial Corporation   4.8  0.0   3.3  0.0   0.0   0.0   1.4   0.0   0.0
  Santander Holdings USA, Inc.   8.0  0.0   3.8  0.0   0.0   0.1   4.1   0.0   0.0
  State Street Corporation   6.1  0.0   0.5  0.2   0.5   0.0   4.8   -1.2   -3.3
  SunTrust Banks, Inc.   7.8  0.0   4.3  0.0   0.0   0.8   2.7   0.0   0.0
  TD Group US Holdings LLC   9.0  0.0   5.9  0.0   0.0   0.0   3.1   -0.7   -0.7
  U.S. Bancorp   25.1  0.0   11.8  0.0   0.0   0.0   13.3   -0.2   -1.8
  Wells Fargo & Company   90.4  0.0   31.7  0.7   3.4   0.9   53.8   -6.9  -10.1
  Zions Bancorporation   2.2  0.0   1.6  0.0   0.0   0.0   0.5   0.0   0.0
  34 participating bank holding companies  540.9  1.6  263.8  3.0  46.4  14.9  214.3  -20.8  -80.4
Note: These projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected. Estimates may not sum precisely due to 
rounding.
1
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and other real estate owned costs.
2
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in pre-provision net revenue.
3
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation adjustments losses and losses arising from the counterparty default scenario component 
applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase agreement activities.
4
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and goodwill impairment 
losses.
5
 
Other comprehensive income is only calculated for advanced approaches BHCs and other BHCs that opt into advanced approaches treatment for AOCI.
6
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in projected regulatory capital. Those transitions are 80 percent included in projected regulatory 
capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the adverse scenario.
44 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table 12. Projected loan losses by type of loan for 2017:Q1-2019:Q1 under the adverse scenario: 
34 participating bank holding companies 
Billions of dollars
 Bank holding company  Loan
losses
 First-lien
mortgages,
domestic
 Junior liens
and HELOCs,
domestic
 Commercial
and
industrial
 Commercial
real estate,
domestic1
 Credit
cards
 Other
consumer2
 Other
loans3
  Ally Financial Inc.   4.5   0.1   0.1   1.4   0.0   0.0   2.9   0.0
  American Express Company   8.3   0.0   0.0   3.1   0.0   5.2   0.0   0.0
  BancWest Corporation   2.9   0.1   0.1   1.0   0.7   0.0   0.6   0.3
  Bank of America Corporation   29.1   2.1   2.2   7.9   2.8   9.2   1.3   3.6
  The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation   1.1   0.1   0.0   0.1   0.1   0.0   0.2   0.5
  BB&T Corporation   4.4   0.5   0.2   1.0   1.2   0.2   0.9   0.4
  BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc.   2.3   0.2   0.1   0.9   0.6   0.1   0.3   0.1
  BMO Financial Corp.   2.6   0.2   0.3   1.1   0.4   0.0   0.1   0.5
  Capital One Financial Corporation   24.3   0.2   0.1   2.2   0.8  17.6   2.9   0.5
  CIT Group Inc.   1.6   0.0   0.0   1.0   0.3   0.0   0.0   0.3
  Citigroup Inc.   32.7   1.1   0.8   5.9   0.6  17.0   2.9   4.4
  Citizens Financial Group, Inc.   3.6   0.1   0.5   1.2   0.6   0.1   0.9   0.2
  Comerica Incorporated   1.3   0.0   0.0   0.6   0.3   0.0   0.0   0.2
  Deutsche Bank Trust Corporation   0.3   0.1   0.0   0.1   0.1   0.0   0.0   0.0
  Discover Financial Services   8.3   0.0   0.0   0.0   0.0   6.8   1.5   0.0
  Fifth Third Bancorp   3.4   0.4   0.3   1.3   0.7   0.3   0.3   0.2
  The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.   4.4   1.3   0.0   1.3   0.2   0.0   0.1   1.6
  HSBC North America Holdings Inc.   2.5   0.1   0.0   1.7   0.3   0.1   0.0   0.3
  Huntington Bancshares Incorporated   2.0   0.2   0.2   0.6   0.5   0.1   0.4   0.1
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.   36.3   2.0   1.4  10.8   2.1  12.2   2.4   5.4
  KeyCorp   3.3   0.2   0.3   1.2   0.9   0.1   0.4   0.3
  M&T Bank Corporation   3.1   0.7   0.2   0.6   1.2   0.0   0.3   0.1
  Morgan Stanley   2.3   0.2   0.0   0.8   0.2   0.0   0.1   0.9
  MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation   2.1   0.3   0.0   0.9   0.6   0.0   0.1   0.2
  Northern Trust Corporation   0.9   0.1   0.1   0.2   0.2   0.0   0.0   0.4
  The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.   5.8   0.2   0.2   2.9   1.1   0.5   0.6   0.4
  Regions Financial Corporation   3.3   0.3   0.3   1.1   0.8   0.1   0.4   0.2
  Santander Holdings USA, Inc.   5.6   0.1   0.2   0.5   0.5   0.1   3.6   0.6
  State Street Corporation   0.4   0.0   0.0   0.1   0.0   0.0   0.0   0.3
  SunTrust Banks, Inc.   4.2   0.5   0.4   1.4   0.6   0.2   1.0   0.2
  TD Group US Holdings LLC   5.9   0.5   0.4   1.3   0.9   1.8   0.4   0.5
  U.S. Bancorp   11.6   0.5   0.5   4.0   1.9   2.7   1.0   0.8
  Wells Fargo & Company   31.1   2.2   1.5   8.3   5.3   4.7   5.2   3.9
  Zions Bancorporation   1.7   0.0   0.0   0.7   0.7   0.0   0.0   0.2
  34 participating bank holding companies  257.4  14.7  10.5  67.4  27.2  79.2  31.0  27.5
Note: These projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected. 
1
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans and corporate cards.
2
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
3
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the adverse scenario.
June 2017 45
Table 13. Projected loan losses by type of loan for 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 under the adverse scenario: 
34 participating bank holding companies 
Percent of average balances
1
 Bank holding company  Loan
losses
 First-lien
mortgages,
domestic
 Junior liens
and HELOCs,
domestic
 Commercial
and
industrial
 Commercial
real estate,
domestic2
 Credit cards  Other
consumer3  Other loans4
  Ally Financial Inc.   3.6   1.4  4.0   2.9  1.2   0.0   4.6  4.6
  American Express Company   6.9   0.0  0.0   7.4  0.0   6.6   0.0  0.0
  BancWest Corporation   3.8   1.2  2.2   5.7  3.9  10.3   3.5  4.4
  Bank of America Corporation   3.0   1.0  3.1   3.0  3.8   9.4   1.6  1.9
  The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation   1.6   1.4  3.6   2.2  3.7   0.0   7.3  1.1
  BB&T Corporation   2.9   1.5  2.1   3.7  3.0  10.0   4.3  2.1
  BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc.   3.6   1.6  3.3   4.9  4.0  13.4   5.4  1.7
  BMO Financial Corp.   3.7   2.1  8.6   3.9  3.9   9.0   1.7  3.1
  Capital One Financial Corporation   9.2   0.8  5.5   7.1  2.4  16.2   5.8  2.5
  CIT Group Inc.   5.2   0.6  1.9   7.0  5.0   0.0  10.2  7.4
  Citigroup Inc.   4.9   1.3  3.8   3.7  3.5  10.8   9.9  2.2
  Citizens Financial Group, Inc.   3.1   0.6  3.2   3.5  3.9   9.3   3.9  2.0
  Comerica Incorporated   2.5   1.2  1.7   2.3  2.8   0.0   7.1  2.9
  Deutsche Bank Trust Corporation   2.2   1.5  3.4   3.4  3.3   0.0   3.0  1.2
  Discover Financial Services  10.2   1.7  7.6  10.3  7.0  10.5   9.3  3.1
  Fifth Third Bancorp   3.5   2.3  3.7   3.5  5.6  12.2   2.7  2.1
  The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.   5.7  49.8  3.2   7.0  4.0   0.0   4.4  3.1
  HSBC North America Holdings Inc.   3.3   0.6  2.3   5.3  2.5  10.5   5.7  2.4
  Huntington Bancshares Incorporated   2.9   1.7  2.4   3.1  3.7  10.5   2.8  2.4
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.   3.8   0.9  2.7   6.5  1.9   8.8   3.3  2.9
  KeyCorp   3.6   2.3  2.9   3.7  4.8  10.0   5.5  1.8
  M&T Bank Corporation   3.3   3.0  3.2   3.0  3.5  10.5   4.1  2.2
  Morgan Stanley   2.0   0.9  3.2   6.9  2.1   0.0   0.6  1.9
  MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation   2.6   0.8  1.5   4.5  3.5  10.5  10.2  2.1
  Northern Trust Corporation   2.5   0.9  4.7   2.6  3.4   0.0  11.1  2.6
  The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.   2.6   0.9  1.1   3.8  2.8   9.5   2.5  1.1
  Regions Financial Corporation   3.9   2.0  3.6   4.7  5.5  11.5   5.6  1.7
  Santander Holdings USA, Inc.   6.2   1.7  2.6   2.7  2.8  10.5  12.6  6.7
  State Street Corporation   2.1   0.0  0.0   3.7  2.9   0.0   0.6  1.8
  SunTrust Banks, Inc.   2.8   1.7  3.1   2.9  3.3  10.5   3.7  1.3
  TD Group US Holdings LLC   3.6   1.8  3.9   3.7  3.3  15.2   1.7  2.0
  U.S. Bancorp   4.0   0.9  3.0   5.3  4.7  11.9   2.6  3.2
  Wells Fargo & Company   3.1   0.8  2.3   4.2  3.5  12.0   5.2  2.1
  Zions Bancorporation   3.7   0.3  1.4   5.8  3.6  10.5   7.3  4.6
  34 participating bank holding companies   3.9   1.2  2.9   4.3  3.3  10.7   4.4  2.3
Note: These projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected.
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are calculated over 
nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans. 
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the adverse scenario.
46 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Figure 17. PPNR rates in the adverse scenario
0.0 3.0 6.0 9.0 12.0 15.0 
Zions
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
TD Group 
SunTrust 
State Street
Santander
Regions
PNC 
Northern Trust 
MUFG Americas 
Morgan Stanley
M&T 
KeyCorp
JPMorgan Chase 
Huntington
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
Fifth Third 
Discover 
DBTC 
Comerica 
Citizens
Citigroup
CIT
Capital One 
BMO
BBVA 
BB&T
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
BancWest 
American Express 
Ally
Percent 
Median = 3.2%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 as a percent of average assets.
June 2017 47
Figure 18. Pre-tax net income rates in the adverse scenario
-1.0 0.0 1.0 2.0 3.0 4.0 5.0 6.0 
Zions
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
TD Group 
SunTrust 
State Street
Santander
Regions
PNC 
Northern Trust 
MUFG Americas 
Morgan Stanley
M&T 
KeyCorp
JPMorgan Chase 
Huntington
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
Fifth Third 
Discover 
DBTC 
Comerica 
Citizens
Citigroup
CIT
Capital One 
BMO
BBVA 
BB&T
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
BancWest 
American Express 
Ally
Percent 
Median = 1.2%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 as a percent of average assets.
48 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table 14. Mapping of loan categories to disclosure categories
 Disclosure category  Loan type
  First-lien mortgages, domestic  Domestic first-lien mortgages
  Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  Domestic second-lien mortgages
Domestic HELOCs
  Credit cards  Domestic cards
International cards
  Commercial and industrial loans  Commercial and industrial loans
Corporate and business cards
Small business loans
  Commercial real estate, domestic  Domestic owner-occupied CRE loans
Domestic construction loans
Domestic multifamily loans
Domestic non-owner occupied CRE loans
  Other consumer  Student loans
Domestic auto loans
International auto loans
Domestic other consumer loans
International other consumer loans
  Other loans  Agricultural loans
Domestic farm loans
International farm loans
International owner-occupied CRE loans
International construction loans
International multifamily loans
International non-owner occupied CRE loans
International first-lien mortgages
International second-lien mortgages
Loans to foreign governments
Loans to financial institutions
Loans for purchasing and carrying securities
Other non-consumer loans
Other leases
June 2017 49

Appendix A: Supervisory Scenarios
This appendix includes the adverse and severely 
adverse scenarios provided by the Federal Reserve.
It is important to note that the adverse and severely 
adverse scenarios are not forecasts but rather are 
hypothetical scenarios designed to assess the strength 
of banking organizations and their resilience to 
adverse economic environments.
Table A.1. Historical data: Domestic variables, Q1:2000–Q4:2016
Percent, unless otherwise indicated.
 Date Real GDP 
growth
 Nominal 
GDP 
growth
 Real 
dispo-
sable 
income 
growth
 Nominal 
dispo-
sable 
income 
growth
 Unem-
ployment 
rate
 CPI 
inflation 
rate
 3-month 
Treasury
rate
 5-year 
Treasury 
yield
 10-year 
Treasury 
yield
 BBB 
corporate 
yield
Mortgage
rate
 Prime 
rate
 Level
 Dow 
Jones 
Total 
Stock 
Market 
Index
 House 
Price 
Index
 Com-
mercial 
Real 
Estate 
Price 
Index
 Market 
Volatility 
Index
  Q1 2000   1.2   4.3   8.1  11.8  4.0   4.0  5.5  6.6  6.7  8.2  8.3  8.7  14,296  102  125  27.0
  Q2 2000   7.8  10.2   4.2   6.1  3.9   3.2  5.7  6.5  6.4  8.5  8.3  9.2  13,619  105  124  33.5
  Q3 2000   0.5   3.1   4.8   7.4  4.0   3.7  6.0  6.1  6.1  8.1  8.0  9.5  13,613  107  137  21.9
  Q4 2000   2.3   4.5   1.4   3.6  3.9   2.9  6.0  5.6  5.8  7.9  7.6  9.5  12,176  110  141  31.7
  Q1 2001  -1.1   1.4   3.5   6.3  4.2   3.9  4.8  4.9  5.3  7.4  7.0  8.6  10,646  112  139  32.8
  Q2 2001   2.1   5.1  -0.3   1.6  4.4   2.8  3.7  4.9  5.5  7.5  7.1  7.3  11,407  114  139  34.7
  Q3 2001  -1.3   0.0   9.8  10.1  4.8   1.1  3.2  4.6  5.3  7.3  6.9  6.6   9,563  116  141  43.7
  Q4 2001   1.1   2.3  -4.9  -4.6  5.5  -0.3  1.9  4.2  5.1  7.2  6.8  5.2  10,708  118  136  35.3
  Q1 2002   3.7   5.1  10.1  10.9  5.7   1.3  1.7  4.5  5.4  7.6  7.0  4.8  10,776  120  137  26.1
  Q2 2002   2.2   3.8   2.0   5.2  5.8   3.2  1.7  4.5  5.4  7.6  6.8  4.8   9,384  123  136  28.4
  Q3 2002   2.0   3.8  -0.5   1.5  5.7   2.2  1.6  3.4  4.5  7.3  6.2  4.8   7,774  126  139  45.1
  Q4 2002   0.3   2.4   1.9   3.8  5.9   2.4  1.3  3.1  4.3  7.0  6.1  4.5   8,343  129  142  42.6
  Q1 2003   2.1   4.6   1.1   4.0  5.9   4.2  1.2  2.9  4.2  6.5  5.8  4.3   8,052  132  148  34.7
  Q2 2003   3.8   5.1   5.9   6.3  6.1  -0.7  1.0  2.6  3.8  5.7  5.5  4.2   9,342  135  149  29.1
  Q3 2003   6.9   9.3   6.7   9.3  6.1   3.0  0.9  3.1  4.4  6.0  6.1  4.0   9,650  138  147  22.7
  Q4 2003   4.8   6.8   1.6   3.3  5.8   1.5  0.9  3.2  4.4  5.8  5.9  4.0  10,800  143  146  21.1
  Q1 2004   2.3   5.9   2.9   6.1  5.7   3.4  0.9  3.0  4.1  5.5  5.6  4.0  11,039  148  153  21.6
  Q2 2004   3.0   6.6   4.0   7.0  5.6   3.2  1.1  3.7  4.7  6.1  6.2  4.0  11,145  154  160  20.0
  Q3 2004   3.7   6.3   2.1   4.5  5.4   2.6  1.5  3.5  4.4  5.8  5.9  4.4  10,894  159  172  19.3
  Q4 2004   3.5   6.4   5.1   8.5  5.4   4.4  2.0  3.5  4.3  5.4  5.7  4.9  11,951  165  176  16.6
  Q1 2005   4.3   8.3  -3.8  -1.8  5.3   2.0  2.5  3.9  4.4  5.4  5.8  5.4  11,637  172  176  14.6
  Q2 2005   2.1   5.1   3.2   6.0  5.1   2.7  2.9  3.9  4.2  5.5  5.7  5.9  11,857  179  182  17.7
  Q3 2005   3.4   7.3   2.1   6.6  5.0   6.2  3.4  4.0  4.3  5.5  5.8  6.4  12,283  185  187  14.2
  Q4 2005   2.3   5.4   3.4   6.6  5.0   3.8  3.8  4.4  4.6  5.9  6.2  7.0  12,497  191  195  16.5
  Q1 2006   4.9   8.2   9.5  11.5  4.7   2.1  4.4  4.6  4.7  6.0  6.3  7.4  13,122  194  200  14.6
  Q2 2006   1.2   4.5   0.6   3.7  4.6   3.7  4.7  5.0  5.2  6.5  6.6  7.9  12,809  193  209  23.8
  Q3 2006   0.4   3.2   1.2   4.1  4.6   3.8  4.9  4.8  5.0  6.4  6.5  8.3  13,322  192  219  18.6
  Q4 2006   3.2   4.6   5.3   4.6  4.4  -1.6  4.9  4.6  4.7  6.1  6.2  8.3  14,216  191  217  12.7
  Q1 2007   0.2   4.8   2.6   6.5  4.5   4.0  5.0  4.6  4.8  6.1  6.2  8.3  14,354  189  227  19.6
  Q2 2007   3.1   5.4   0.8   4.0  4.5   4.6  4.7  4.7  4.9  6.3  6.4  8.3  15,163  183  236  18.9
  Q3 2007   2.7   4.2   1.1   3.4  4.7   2.6  4.3  4.5  4.8  6.5  6.5  8.2  15,318  178  249  30.8
(continued)
51
Table A.1.— continued
 Date Real GDP 
growth
 Nominal 
GDP 
growth
 Real 
dispo-
sable 
income 
growth
 Nominal 
dispo-
sable 
income 
growth
 Unem-
ployment 
rate
 CPI 
inflation 
rate
 3-month 
Treasury
rate
 5-year 
Treasury 
yield
 10-year 
Treasury 
yield
 BBB 
corporate 
yield
Mortgage
rate
 Prime 
rate
 Level
 Dow 
Jones 
Total 
Stock 
Market 
Index
 House 
Price 
Index
 Com-
mercial 
Real 
Estate 
Price 
Index
 Market 
Volatility 
Index
  Q4 2007   1.4   3.2   0.3   4.4  4.8   5.0  3.4  3.8  4.4  6.4  6.2  7.5  14,754  172  251  31.1
  Q1 2008  -2.7  -0.5   2.9   6.5  5.0   4.4  2.1  2.8  3.9  6.5  5.9  6.2  13,284  165  240  32.2
  Q2 2008   2.0   4.0   8.7   13.3  5.3   5.3  1.6  3.2  4.1  6.8  6.1  5.1  13,016  157  224  24.1
  Q3 2008  -1.9   0.8   -8.9   -5.1  6.0   6.3  1.5  3.1  4.1  7.2  6.3  5.0  11,826  149  233  46.7
  Q4 2008  -8.2  -7.7   2.6   -3.2  6.9  -8.9  0.3  2.2  3.7  9.4  5.8  4.1   9,057  142  223  80.9
  Q1 2009  -5.4  -4.5   -0.8   -3.0  8.3  -2.7  0.2  1.9  3.2  9.0  5.0  3.3   8,044  137  209  56.7
  Q2 2009  -0.5  -1.2   2.9   4.7  9.3   2.1  0.2  2.3  3.7  8.2  5.1  3.3   9,343  137  178  42.3
  Q3 2009   1.3   1.2   -4.3   -1.9  9.6   3.5  0.2  2.5  3.8  6.8  5.1  3.3  10,813  138  154  31.3
  Q4 2009   3.9   5.2   -0.5   2.2  9.9   3.2  0.1  2.3  3.7  6.1  4.9  3.3  11,385  138  155  30.7
  Q1 2010   1.7   3.2   0.4   1.8  9.8   0.6  0.1  2.4  3.9  5.8  5.0  3.3  12,032  138  150  27.3
  Q2 2010   3.9   5.8   5.3   5.8  9.6  -0.1  0.1  2.3  3.6  5.6  4.8  3.3  10,646  137  165  45.8
  Q3 2010   2.7   4.6   2.0   3.2  9.5   1.2  0.2  1.6  2.9  5.1  4.4  3.3  11,814  135  167  32.9
  Q4 2010   2.5   4.7   2.8   5.0  9.5   3.3  0.1  1.5  3.0  5.0  4.5  3.3  13,131  133  173  23.5
  Q1 2011  -1.5   0.2   5.0   8.2  9.0   4.3  0.1  2.1  3.5  5.4  4.9  3.3  13,909  132  180  29.4
  Q2 2011   2.9   6.0   -0.6   3.5  9.1   4.6  0.0  1.8  3.3  5.1  4.6  3.3  13,843  132  177  22.7
  Q3 2011   0.8   3.3   2.1   4.3  9.0   2.6  0.0  1.1  2.5  4.9  4.2  3.3  11,677  132  177  48.0
  Q4 2011   4.6   5.2   0.2   1.6  8.6   1.8  0.0  1.0  2.1  5.0  4.0  3.3  13,019  132  188  45.5
  Q1 2012   2.7   4.9   6.7   9.2  8.3   2.4  0.1  0.9  2.1  4.7  3.9  3.3  14,627  134  188  23.0
  Q2 2012   1.9   3.8   3.1   4.4  8.2   0.8  0.1  0.8  1.8  4.5  3.8  3.3  14,100  137  189  26.7
  Q3 2012   0.5   2.7   -0.2   1.1  8.0   1.6  0.1  0.7  1.6  4.2  3.5  3.3  14,895  140  197  20.5
  Q4 2012   0.1   1.7   10.9   13.3  7.8   2.9  0.1  0.7  1.7  3.9  3.4  3.3  14,835  143  198  22.7
  Q1 2013   2.8   4.4  -15.7  -14.5  7.7   1.6  0.1  0.8  1.9  4.0  3.5  3.3  16,396  147  202  19.0
  Q2 2013   0.8   1.6   2.4   2.5  7.5  -0.5  0.1  0.9  2.0  4.1  3.7  3.3  16,771  151  213  20.5
  Q3 2013   3.1   5.1   2.4   3.9  7.3   2.0  0.0  1.5  2.7  4.9  4.4  3.3  17,718  154  224  17.0
  Q4 2013   4.0   6.1   0.9   2.6  6.9   1.9  0.1  1.4  2.8  4.8  4.3  3.3  19,413  158  229  20.3
  Q1 2014  -1.2   0.6   4.5   6.6  6.7   2.4  0.0  1.6  2.8  4.6  4.4  3.3  19,711  160  229  21.4
  Q2 2014   4.0   6.3   5.3   7.3  6.2   1.9  0.0  1.7  2.7  4.3  4.2  3.3  20,569  161  239  17.0
  Q3 2014   5.0   6.7   4.1   5.2  6.1   0.9  0.0  1.7  2.5  4.2  4.1  3.3  20,459  163  245  17.0
  Q4 2014   2.3   2.8   4.3   4.3  5.7  -0.3  0.0  1.6  2.3  4.2  3.9  3.3  21,425  165  253  26.3
  Q1 2015   2.0   2.1   2.0   0.3  5.6  -2.9  0.0  1.5  2.0  4.0  3.7  3.3  21,708  168  262  22.4
  Q2 2015   2.6   4.9   3.9   5.8  5.4   2.4  0.0  1.5  2.2  4.2  3.8  3.3  21,631  170  266  18.9
  Q3 2015   2.0   3.2   3.3   4.4  5.2   1.4  0.0  1.6  2.3  4.5  3.9  3.3  19,959  172  272  40.7
  Q4 2015   0.9   1.8   3.0   3.4  5.0   0.8  0.1  1.6  2.2  4.6  3.9  3.3  21,101  174  277  24.4
  Q1 2016   0.8   1.3   2.1   2.4  4.9  -0.3  0.3  1.4  2.0  4.6  3.7  3.5  21,179  177  278  28.1
  Q2 2016   1.4   3.7   2.9   5.0  4.9   2.5  0.3  1.3  1.8  4.1  3.6  3.5  21,621  179  283  25.8
  Q3 2016   3.5   5.0   2.6   4.1  4.9   1.6  0.3  1.2  1.6  3.7  3.4  3.5  22,469  182  290  18.1
  Q4 2016   3.1   6.1   1.6   4.5  4.7   3.4  0.4  1.7  2.2  4.1  3.9  3.5  23,277  183  294  22.5
Note: Refer to 
Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historical observations of the variables in the table.
52 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table A.2. Historical data: International variables, Q1:2000–Q4:2016
Percent, unless otherwise indicated.
 Date
 Euro area 
real GDP 
growth
 Euro area 
inflation
 Euro area 
bilateral 
dollar 
exchange 
rate 
(USD/euro)
 Developing 
Asia 
real GDP 
growth
 Developing 
Asia 
inflation
 Developing 
Asia 
bilateral 
dollar 
exchange 
rate 
(F/USD, 
index)
 Japan 
real GDP 
growth
 Japan 
inflation
 Japan 
bilateral 
dollar 
exchange 
rate 
(yen/USD)
 U.K. 
real GDP 
growth
 U.K. 
inflation
 U.K. 
bilateral 
dollar 
exchange 
rate 
(USD/pound)
  Q1 2000   4.4   2.6  0.957   7.0   1.5  100.0   7.9  -2.7  102.7   4.1   0.3  1.592
  Q2 2000   3.8   0.9  0.955   7.1  -0.2  100.7   0.8   1.2  106.1   2.9   0.5  1.513
  Q3 2000   2.2   3.4  0.884   8.1   2.2  101.5   0.1  -1.2  107.9   1.1   1.0  1.479
  Q4 2000   3.3   2.8  0.939   2.9   2.5  105.1   4.0  -0.6  114.4   0.6   1.9  1.496
  Q1 2001   3.5   1.2  0.879   4.9   1.7  106.0   2.6  -1.2  125.5   5.3   0.0  1.419
  Q2 2001   0.4   4.0  0.847   5.5   2.1  106.1   -2.4  -0.3  124.7   2.8   3.2  1.408
  Q3 2001   0.3   1.4  0.910   4.7   1.2  106.4   -4.4  -1.1  119.2   2.7   1.0  1.469
  Q4 2001   0.7   1.7  0.890   8.5   0.0  106.9   -0.8  -1.4  131.0   1.6  -0.1  1.454
  Q1 2002   0.7   3.1  0.872   7.7   0.4  107.3   0.3  -2.7  132.7   1.7   2.0  1.425
  Q2 2002   1.9   2.0  0.986   8.1   1.1  104.8   3.2   1.7  119.9   3.0   0.9  1.525
  Q3 2002   1.6   1.6  0.988   7.2   1.5  105.5   1.7  -0.7  121.7   3.1   1.3  1.570
  Q4 2002   0.4   2.3  1.049   6.5   0.8  104.5   1.5  -0.4  118.8   3.5   1.9  1.610
  Q1 2003   -0.8   3.3  1.090   6.7   3.6  105.5   -1.2  -1.6  118.1   3.3   1.7  1.579
  Q2 2003   0.2   0.5  1.150   2.1   1.2  104.0   3.8   1.7  119.9   3.7   0.2  1.653
  Q3 2003   2.2   2.1  1.165  14.3   0.1  102.6   1.7  -0.7  111.4   4.0   1.7  1.662
  Q4 2003   2.9   2.3  1.260  13.0   5.5  103.4   4.3  -0.6  107.1   3.3   1.7  1.784
  Q1 2004   2.4   2.2  1.229   5.6   4.1  101.4   3.5  -0.9  104.2   2.3   1.4  1.840
  Q2 2004   2.1   2.6  1.218   6.9   4.1  102.8   -0.3   1.1  109.4   1.9   0.8  1.813
  Q3 2004   1.3   2.0  1.242   8.3   4.0  102.7   1.9   0.1  110.2   0.8   1.1  1.809
  Q4 2004   1.4   2.4  1.354   6.4   0.8   98.9   -1.6   1.7  102.7   2.4   2.4  1.916
  Q1 2005   0.8   1.4  1.297  10.6   2.9   98.6   2.2  -2.7  107.2   2.3   2.6  1.889
  Q2 2005   2.6   2.2  1.210   8.6   1.5   98.9   3.6  -1.0  110.9   4.4   1.8  1.793
  Q3 2005   3.1   3.1  1.206   9.3   2.3   98.6   3.9  -1.0  113.3   4.4   2.8  1.770
  Q4 2005   2.5   2.5  1.184  11.7   1.7   98.1   0.7   0.2  117.9   5.5   1.4  1.719
  Q1 2006   3.7   1.7  1.214  11.0   2.4   96.8   0.2   1.2  117.5   1.3   1.9  1.739
  Q2 2006   4.2   2.5  1.278   7.0   3.2   96.7   1.7   0.4  114.5   0.9   3.0  1.849
  Q3 2006   2.6   2.1  1.269  10.3   2.1   96.4   -0.7   0.4  118.0   0.6   3.3  1.872
  Q4 2006   4.4   0.9  1.320  11.2   3.7   94.6   4.5  -0.6  119.0   1.4   2.7  1.959
  Q1 2007   3.1   2.3  1.337  13.9   3.6   94.0   3.6  -0.7  117.6   4.1   2.5  1.969
  Q2 2007   2.5   2.3  1.352  10.5   4.9   91.9   -0.4   0.4  123.4   3.0   1.8  2.006
  Q3 2007   1.8   2.1  1.422   8.7   7.5   90.6   -1.2   0.3  115.0   3.1   0.3  2.039
  Q4 2007   2.2   4.9  1.460  12.8   6.0   89.4   1.9   2.2  111.7   3.0   4.0  1.984
  Q1 2008   2.0   4.3  1.581   7.2   8.1   88.0   1.6   1.3   99.9   0.6   3.4  1.986
  Q2 2008   -1.3   3.2  1.575   5.9   6.4   88.7   -2.8   1.8  106.2  -2.6   5.8  1.991
  Q3 2008   -2.2   3.2  1.408   3.1   2.8   91.5   -4.8   3.5  105.9  -6.6   5.9  1.780
  Q4 2008   -6.8  -1.4  1.392   0.3  -1.0   92.2   -8.3  -2.1   90.8  -8.7   0.4  1.462
  Q1 2009  -11.4  -1.1  1.326   4.4  -1.4   94.2  -18.0  -3.6   99.2  -6.4  -0.2  1.430
  Q2 2009   -0.9   0.0  1.402  15.1   2.2   92.2   8.2  -1.6   96.4  -0.9   2.3  1.645
  Q3 2009   1.2   1.1  1.463  12.8   3.9   91.3   -0.3  -1.4   89.5   0.3   3.6  1.600
  Q4 2009   2.1   1.6  1.433   9.2   5.1   90.6   6.1  -1.6   93.1   1.6   2.8  1.617
  Q1 2010   1.8   1.8  1.353   9.9   4.4   89.8   4.4   1.1   93.4   2.2   4.2  1.519
  Q2 2010   4.0   2.0  1.229   9.7   3.4   91.0   4.0  -1.4   88.5   4.1   3.3  1.495
  Q3 2010   1.6   1.6  1.360   8.8   4.0   88.4   7.7  -2.1   83.5   2.3   2.2  1.573
  Q4 2010   2.3   2.6  1.327   9.3   7.7   87.4   -2.7   1.4   81.7   0.5   3.9  1.539
  Q1 2011   3.2   3.7  1.418   9.8   6.3   86.4   -5.7   0.0   82.8   2.2   7.0  1.605
  Q2 2011   0.0   3.2  1.452   6.5   5.4   85.3   -2.0  -0.8   80.6   0.3   4.6  1.607
  Q3 2011   0.1   1.3  1.345   5.2   5.1   87.3   9.5   0.3   77.0   1.7   3.5  1.562
  Q4 2011   -1.4   3.5  1.297   6.9   3.2   87.2   -0.5  -0.7   77.0   1.0   3.4  1.554
  Q1 2012   -0.8   2.8  1.333   7.3   3.3   86.2   4.4   2.5   82.4   1.8   2.3  1.599
  Q2 2012   -1.3   2.3  1.267   6.0   3.9   88.0   -1.6  -1.6   79.8  -0.3   1.9  1.569
(continued)
June 2017 53
Table A.2.— continued
 Date
 Euro area 
real GDP 
growth
 Euro area 
inflation
 Euro area 
bilateral 
dollar 
exchange 
rate 
(USD/euro)
 Developing 
Asia 
real GDP 
growth
 Developing 
Asia 
inflation
 Developing 
Asia 
bilateral 
dollar 
exchange 
rate 
(F/USD, 
index)
 Japan 
real GDP 
growth
 Japan 
inflation
 Japan 
bilateral 
dollar 
exchange 
rate 
(yen/USD)
 U.K. 
real GDP 
growth
 U.K. 
inflation
 U.K. 
bilateral 
dollar 
exchange 
rate 
(USD/pound)
  Q3 2012  -0.6   1.6  1.286  6.5  2.1  86.3  -1.8  -1.8   77.9   4.7   2.0  1.613
  Q4 2012  -1.7   2.4  1.319  7.3  3.6  85.9   0.3   0.3   86.6  -0.9   4.2  1.626
  Q1 2013  -1.2   1.3  1.282  6.6  4.3  86.1   5.1   0.6   94.2   2.5   3.0  1.519
  Q2 2013   1.8   0.4  1.301  6.5  2.9  87.1   4.3  -0.2   99.2   2.1   1.6  1.521
  Q3 2013   1.3   1.2  1.354  7.8  3.7  86.7   2.4   2.4   98.3   3.1   2.0  1.618
  Q4 2013   0.8   0.3  1.378  6.4  4.0  85.7  -0.8   3.1  105.3   2.0   1.7  1.657
  Q1 2014   1.3   0.9  1.378  6.4  1.4  86.8   4.9   1.3  103.0   3.4   1.9  1.668
  Q2 2014   0.7  -0.1  1.369  7.0  2.5  86.7  -7.1   7.7  101.3   3.8   1.5  1.711
  Q3 2014   1.4   0.2  1.263  6.9  2.4  87.0  -0.8   1.6  109.7   3.3   0.6  1.622
  Q4 2014   1.8  -0.4  1.210  5.6  1.2  88.1   2.1  -0.3  119.9   3.4  -0.4  1.558
  Q1 2015   3.3  -0.8  1.074  6.2  0.8  88.1   6.3   0.4  120.0   1.0  -1.2  1.485
  Q2 2015   1.5   1.8  1.115  6.6  2.7  88.3  -0.5   0.3  122.1   1.9   0.9  1.573
  Q3 2015   1.1  -0.3  1.116  6.6  2.7  90.9   0.8   0.0  119.8   1.1   0.5  1.512
  Q4 2015   2.0   0.0  1.086  5.4  1.6  92.2  -1.8   0.1  120.3   2.8   0.0  1.475
  Q1 2016   2.0  -1.2  1.139  6.3  2.8  91.7   2.8  -0.1  112.4   1.4   0.1  1.438
  Q2 2016   1.2   1.2  1.103  6.4  2.7  94.0   1.8  -1.3  102.8   2.6   0.9  1.324
  Q3 2016   1.8   1.1  1.124  6.6  1.2  93.6   1.3  -0.8  101.2   2.3   1.9  1.302
  Q4 2016   1.4   1.9  1.055  6.0  2.5  97.4   0.8   0.3  116.8   1.4   2.0  1.234
Note: Refer to 
Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historical observations of the variables in the table.
54 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table A.3. Supervisory baseline scenario: Domestic variables, Q1:2017–Q1:2020
Percent, unless otherwise indicated.
 Date Real GDP 
growth
 Nominal 
GDP 
growth
 Real 
dispo-
sable 
income 
growth
 Nominal 
dispo-
sable 
income 
growth
 Unem-
ployment 
rate
 CPI 
inflation 
rate
 3-month 
Treasury
rate
 5-year 
Treasury 
yield
 10-year 
Treasury 
yield
 BBB 
corporate 
yield
Mortgage
rate
 Prime 
rate
 Level
 Dow 
Jones 
Total 
Stock 
Market 
Index
 House 
Price 
Index
 Com-
mercial 
Real 
Estate 
Price 
Index
 Market 
Volatility 
Index
  Q1 2017  2.2  4.3  2.2  4.3  4.7  2.4  0.6  1.7  2.5  4.2  4.2  3.8  23,551  184  298  19.0
  Q2 2017  2.3  4.3  2.5  4.6  4.6  2.4  0.7  1.9  2.6  4.4  4.3  3.9  23,831  185  301  20.3
  Q3 2017  2.4  4.5  2.9  5.0  4.6  2.3  0.9  2.0  2.7  4.5  4.4  4.1  24,123  187  305  19.3
  Q4 2017  2.3  4.5  2.7  4.8  4.5  2.3  1.1  2.2  2.9  4.6  4.5  4.3  24,422  188  309  19.4
  Q1 2018  2.4  4.6  2.9  4.9  4.5  2.3  1.3  2.3  3.0  4.7  4.6  4.4  24,727  189  313  19.2
  Q2 2018  2.4  4.7  2.6  4.7  4.5  2.3  1.5  2.4  3.1  4.8  4.7  4.6  25,042  190  317  19.2
  Q3 2018  2.4  4.6  2.6  4.7  4.4  2.3  1.7  2.6  3.2  4.9  4.8  4.8  25,354  191  321  19.3
  Q4 2018  2.3  4.5  2.4  4.6  4.4  2.4  1.9  2.7  3.3  5.0  5.0  5.0  25,668  193  325  19.4
  Q1 2019  2.0  4.2  2.2  4.3  4.5  2.3  2.2  2.8  3.4  5.1  5.0  5.2  25,968  194  327  19.8
  Q2 2019  2.1  4.2  2.3  4.3  4.6  2.3  2.4  2.9  3.4  5.1  5.1  5.5  26,269  195  330  20.0
  Q3 2019  2.1  4.1  2.2  4.3  4.6  2.2  2.6  2.9  3.5  5.2  5.1  5.7  26,571  197  332  20.2
  Q4 2019  2.0  4.1  2.2  4.2  4.7  2.2  2.8  3.0  3.5  5.2  5.2  5.9  26,874  198  335  20.3
  Q1 2020  2.0  4.0  2.1  4.0  4.7  2.1  2.9  3.0  3.5  5.2  5.2  5.9  27,173  200  337  20.2
Note: Refer to 
Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historical observations of the variables in the table.
Table A.4. Supervisory baseline scenario: International variables, Q1:2017–Q1:2020
Percent, unless otherwise indicated.
 Date
 Euro area 
real GDP 
growth
 Euro area 
inflation
 Euro area 
bilateral 
dollar 
exchange 
rate 
(USD/euro)
 Developing 
Asia 
real GDP 
growth
 Developing 
Asia 
inflation
 Developing 
Asia 
bilateral 
dollar 
exchange 
rate 
(F/USD, 
index)
 Japan 
real GDP 
growth
 Japan 
inflation
 Japan 
bilateral 
dollar 
exchange 
rate 
(yen/USD)
 U.K. 
real GDP 
growth
 U.K. 
inflation
 U.K. 
bilateral 
dollar 
exchange 
rate 
(USD/pound)
  Q1 2017  1.5  1.3  1.050  6.0  2.4   97.9  0.9  0.5  116.4  1.2  1.9  1.228
  Q2 2017  1.5  1.4  1.044  5.9  2.5   98.4  0.9  0.6  116.0  1.1  2.0  1.222
  Q3 2017  1.6  1.5  1.039  5.9  2.6   98.9  0.9  0.8  115.6  1.0  2.1  1.216
  Q4 2017  1.6  1.5  1.034  5.8  2.6   99.4  0.9  0.9  115.2  1.1  2.2  1.210
  Q1 2018  1.6  1.5  1.036  5.8  2.6   99.7  0.9  1.1  115.6  1.3  2.2  1.222
  Q2 2018  1.6  1.6  1.039  5.7  2.6  100.0  0.8  1.2  116.1  1.4  2.2  1.234
  Q3 2018  1.5  1.6  1.041  5.7  2.6  100.3  0.8  1.3  116.5  1.6  2.2  1.245
  Q4 2018  1.5  1.6  1.044  5.8  2.7  100.6  0.8  1.3  117.0  1.7  2.1  1.257
  Q1 2019  1.5  1.7  1.044  5.8  2.7  100.6  0.8  1.4  117.0  1.8  2.1  1.257
  Q2 2019  1.5  1.7  1.044  5.9  2.8  100.6  0.8  1.5  117.0  1.8  2.0  1.257
  Q3 2019  1.5  1.7  1.044  5.9  2.9  100.6  0.8  1.5  117.0  1.9  2.0  1.257
  Q4 2019  1.5  1.8  1.044  5.8  2.9  100.6  0.8  1.6  117.0  1.9  2.0  1.257
  Q1 2020  1.5  1.8  1.044  5.8  3.0  100.6  0.8  1.6  117.0  1.9  1.9  1.257
Note: Refer to 
Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historical observations of the variables in the table.
June 2017 55
Table A.5. Supervisory adverse scenario: Domestic variables, Q1:2017–Q1:2020
Percent, unless otherwise indicated.
 Date Real GDP 
growth
 Nominal 
GDP 
growth
 Real 
dispo-
sable 
income 
growth
 Nominal 
dispo-
sable 
income 
growth
 Unem-
ployment 
rate
 CPI 
inflation 
rate
 3-month 
Treasury
rate
 5-year 
Treasury 
yield
 10-year 
Treasury 
yield
 BBB 
corporate 
yield
Mortgage
rate
 Prime 
rate
 Level
 Dow 
Jones 
Total 
Stock 
Market 
Index
 House 
Price 
Index
 Com-
mercial 
Real 
Estate 
Price 
Index
 Market 
Volatility 
Index
  Q1 2017  -1.5   0.9   0.7  2.4  5.2  1.8  0.1  1.7  2.3  5.6  4.7  3.3  15,960  181  291  37.1
  Q2 2017  -2.8  -0.7  -0.6  1.1  5.8  1.8  0.1  1.8  2.4  5.9  4.9  3.3  15,042  179  283  32.7
  Q3 2017  -2.0   0.0  -0.5  1.1  6.3  1.8  0.1  1.8  2.5  6.1  5.1  3.3  14,290  176  275  34.4
  Q4 2017  -1.5   0.5  -0.5  1.2  6.8  1.8  0.1  1.9  2.5  6.2  5.2  3.2  13,982  173  267  32.0
  Q1 2018  -0.5   1.4   0.2  1.9  7.1  1.8  0.1  1.9  2.6  6.0  5.2  3.2  14,367  170  259  28.5
  Q2 2018   1.0   3.0   0.6  2.4  7.3  2.0  0.1  1.9  2.7  5.8  5.2  3.2  15,001  166  254  25.8
  Q3 2018   1.4   3.3   1.0  2.7  7.4  2.0  0.1  2.0  2.7  5.6  5.1  3.2  15,693  163  250  23.6
  Q4 2018   2.6   4.4   1.5  3.4  7.3  2.1  0.1  2.0  2.7  5.4  5.1  3.2  16,603  161  249  21.6
  Q1 2019   2.6   4.3   1.6  3.5  7.2  2.1  0.1  2.0  2.7  5.2  5.0  3.2  17,519  161  249  20.1
  Q2 2019   3.0   4.6   2.1  3.8  7.1  2.0  0.1  2.0  2.7  5.0  4.9  3.2  18,514  161  251  18.7
  Q3 2019   3.0   4.5   2.2  3.8  7.0  2.0  0.1  2.0  2.7  4.8  4.8  3.2  19,243  162  255  18.2
  Q4 2019   3.0   4.5   2.1  3.8  6.9  1.9  0.1  2.0  2.7  4.7  4.8  3.2  20,025  163  259  17.6
  Q1 2020   3.0   4.5   2.0  3.5  6.8  1.8  0.1  2.0  2.7  4.5  4.7  3.2  20,867  164  262  17.3
Note: Refer to 
Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historical observations of the variables in the table.
Table A.6. Supervisory adverse scenario: International variables, Q1:2017–Q1:2020
Percent, unless otherwise indicated.
 Date
 Euro area 
real GDP 
growth
 Euro area 
inflation
 Euro area 
bilateral 
dollar 
exchange 
rate 
(USD/euro)
 Developing 
Asia 
real GDP 
growth
 Developing 
Asia 
inflation
 Developing 
Asia 
bilateral 
dollar 
exchange 
rate 
(F/USD, 
index)
 Japan 
real GDP 
growth
 Japan 
inflation
 Japan 
bilateral 
dollar 
exchange 
rate 
(yen/USD)
 U.K. 
real GDP 
growth
 U.K. 
inflation
 U.K. 
bilateral 
dollar 
exchange 
rate 
(USD/pound)
  Q1 2017  -3.0  0.7  0.998  1.4   1.7  105.4  -3.2  -2.5  111.4  -2.9  0.5  1.205
  Q2 2017  -3.9  0.1  0.977  1.8   0.9  109.1  -6.3  -3.4  108.0  -4.3  0.0  1.189
  Q3 2017  -2.7  0.3  0.964  3.5   0.0  108.8  -5.8  -2.7  109.2  -3.7  0.1  1.175
  Q4 2017  -1.5  0.3  0.953  5.3  -0.1  109.4  -4.4  -2.7  108.8  -2.7  0.2  1.163
  Q1 2018  -0.2  0.4  0.958  6.4   0.0  108.7  -3.1  -2.1  109.2  -1.4  0.4  1.177
  Q2 2018   0.7  0.6  0.964  6.7   0.1  108.1  -1.9  -1.5  109.6  -0.2  0.7  1.191
  Q3 2018   1.3  0.8  0.970  6.7   0.4  107.5  -0.9  -1.0  110.0   0.7  1.0  1.204
  Q4 2018   1.7  1.0  0.975  6.8   0.7  106.9  -0.1  -0.5  110.5   1.5  1.2  1.217
  Q1 2019   1.9  1.2  0.979  6.8   1.0  106.2   0.5  -0.2  110.6   2.0  1.3  1.218
  Q2 2019   2.0  1.4  0.982  6.9   1.3  105.5   1.0   0.2  110.8   2.4  1.4  1.218
  Q3 2019   2.0  1.5  0.986  7.0   1.6  105.0   1.3   0.5  111.1   2.6  1.5  1.218
  Q4 2019   1.9  1.6  0.989  7.0   1.9  104.7   1.5   0.7  111.4   2.6  1.6  1.218
  Q1 2020   1.9  1.6  0.991  7.0   2.1  104.4   1.6   0.9  111.6   2.7  1.6  1.218
Note: Refer to 
Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historical observations of the variables in the table.
56 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table A.7. Supervisory severely adverse scenario: Domestic variables, Q1:2017–Q1:2020
Percent, unless otherwise indicated.
 Date Real GDP 
growth
 Nominal 
GDP 
growth
 Real 
dispo-
sable 
income 
growth
 Nominal 
dispo-
sable 
income 
growth
 Unem-
ployment 
rate
 CPI 
inflation 
rate
 3-month 
Treasury
rate
 5-year 
Treasury 
yield
 10-year 
Treasury 
yield
 BBB 
corporate 
yield
Mortgage
rate
 Prime 
rate
 Level
 Dow 
Jones 
Total 
Stock 
Market 
Index
 House 
Price 
Index
 Com-
mercial 
Real 
Estate 
Price 
Index
 Market 
Volatility 
Index
  Q1 2017  -5.1  -2.7  -1.0   0.5   5.6  1.5  0.1  0.3  0.8  5.5  4.0  3.3  15,374  179  288  68.7
  Q2 2017  -7.5  -5.5  -4.0  -2.7   6.9  1.3  0.1  0.4  0.8  6.0  4.3  3.3  13,538  174  270  50.9
  Q3 2017  -5.9  -4.1  -3.9  -2.6   8.0  1.3  0.1  0.5  0.9  6.3  4.5  3.3  12,295  168  251  57.2
  Q4 2017  -5.1  -3.3  -3.7  -2.3   8.9  1.4  0.1  0.6  1.0  6.4  4.6  3.2  11,704  162  234  49.3
  Q1 2018  -3.0  -1.4  -2.5  -1.1   9.6  1.5  0.1  0.7  1.1  6.1  4.5  3.2  12,338  156  218  39.1
  Q2 2018   0.0   1.6  -1.4   0.2   9.8  1.7  0.1  0.7  1.2  5.7  4.4  3.2  13,325  148  206  31.9
  Q3 2018   0.7   2.3  -0.4   1.1  10.0  1.7  0.1  0.8  1.3  5.4  4.4  3.2  14,348  142  196  26.7
  Q4 2018   3.0   4.5   0.8   2.4   9.9  1.9  0.1  0.9  1.4  5.0  4.3  3.2  15,625  138  193  22.2
  Q1 2019   3.0   4.4   1.4   2.9   9.8  1.8  0.1  1.0  1.5  4.7  4.1  3.2  17,070  137  192  19.3
  Q2 2019   3.9   5.1   2.2   3.7   9.6  1.7  0.1  1.1  1.6  4.3  4.0  3.2  18,739  138  194  16.8
  Q3 2019   3.9   5.0   2.5   3.8   9.4  1.6  0.1  1.1  1.6  4.0  3.9  3.2  19,909  140  198  16.0
  Q4 2019   3.9   4.9   2.6   3.8   9.1  1.6  0.1  1.2  1.7  3.8  3.9  3.2  21,186  142  203  14.9
  Q1 2020   3.9   4.8   2.5   3.6   8.9  1.4  0.1  1.2  1.8  3.6  3.8  3.2  22,577  145  207  14.3
Note: Refer to 
Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historical observations of the variables in the table.
Table A.8. Supervisory severely adverse scenario: International variables, Q1:2017–Q1:2020
Percent, unless otherwise indicated.
 Date
 Euro area 
real GDP 
growth
 Euro area 
inflation
 Euro area 
bilateral 
dollar 
exchange 
rate 
(USD/euro)
 Developing 
Asia 
real GDP 
growth
 Developing 
Asia 
inflation
 Developing 
Asia 
bilateral 
dollar 
exchange 
rate 
(F/USD, 
index)
 Japan 
real GDP 
growth
 Japan 
inflation
 Japan 
bilateral 
dollar 
exchange 
rate 
(yen/USD)
 U.K. 
real GDP 
growth
 U.K. 
inflation
 U.K. 
bilateral 
dollar 
exchange 
rate 
(USD/pound)
  Q1 2017  -6.0   0.6  0.959  -0.1   0.5  107.4  -4.3  -3.1  113.0  -4.7  -0.1  1.179
  Q2 2017  -7.0  -0.2  0.928   0.4  -0.5  112.1  -7.8  -4.1  110.4  -6.6  -0.8  1.154
  Q3 2017  -5.7  -1.0  0.928   2.2  -1.2  114.3  -9.2  -4.6  109.5  -6.1  -1.1  1.141
  Q4 2017  -4.7  -1.5  0.929   3.4  -1.6  115.8  -9.5  -4.9  108.0  -5.0  -1.0  1.126
  Q1 2018  -2.9  -1.5  0.949   5.1  -1.6  114.5  -7.7  -4.2  108.1  -3.1  -0.6  1.142
  Q2 2018  -1.5  -1.3  0.964   5.9  -1.3  113.2  -5.5  -3.5  108.2  -1.4  -0.1  1.158
  Q3 2018  -0.3  -0.9  0.975   6.2  -1.0  112.0  -3.6  -2.8  108.4   0.1   0.2  1.174
  Q4 2018   0.6  -0.4  0.981   6.3  -0.6  110.9  -2.1  -2.2  108.7   1.2   0.6  1.188
  Q1 2019   1.3   0.1  0.985   6.4  -0.2  109.6  -0.9  -1.6  108.7   2.0   0.8  1.189
  Q2 2019   1.8   0.5  0.989   6.5   0.2  108.5   0.0  -1.1  108.7   2.6   1.0  1.190
  Q3 2019   2.0   0.7  0.994   6.6   0.6  107.5   0.7  -0.6  108.9   2.9   1.1  1.190
  Q4 2019   2.1   0.9  0.999   6.6   0.9  106.7   1.1  -0.3  109.2   3.0   1.3  1.191
  Q1 2020   2.1   1.1  1.003   6.7   1.3  106.0   1.4   0.1  109.4   3.0   1.4  1.192
Note: Refer to 
Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historical observations of the variables in the table.
June 2017 57
Notes Regarding Scenario Variables
Sources for data through 2016:Q4 (as released 
through 1/18/2017). The 2016:Q4 values of variables 
marked with an asterisk (*) are projected.
*U.S. real GDP growth: Percent change in real gross 
domestic product in chained dollars, expressed at an 
annualized rate, Bureau of Economic Analysis 
(NIPA table 1.1.6, line 1).
*U.S. nominal GDP growth: Percent change in nomi-
nal gross domestic product, expressed at an annual-
ized rate, Bureau of Economic Analysis (NIPA 
table 1.1.5, line 1).
*U.S. real disposable income growth: Percent change 
in nominal disposable personal income, divided by 
the price index for personal consumption expendi-
tures, expressed at an annualized rate, Bureau of 
Economic Analysis (NIPA table 2.1, line 27, and 
NIPA table 1.1.4, line 2).
*U.S. nominal disposable income growth: Percent 
change in nominal disposable personal income, 
expressed at an annualized rate, Bureau of Economic 
Analysis (NIPA table 2.1, line 27).
U.S. unemployment rate: Quarterly average of 
seasonally-adjusted monthly data for the unemploy-
ment rate of the civilian, noninstitutional population 
of age 16 years and older, Bureau of Labor Statistics 
(series LNS14000000).
U.S. CPI inflation: Percent change in the quarterly 
average of seasonally-adjusted monthly data for the 
consumer price index, expressed at an annualized 
rate, Bureau of Labor Statistics (series 
CUSR0000SA0).
U.S. 3-month Treasury rate: Quarterly average of 
3-month Treasury bill secondary market rate on a 
discount basis, H.15 Release, Selected Interest Rates, 
Federal Reserve Board.
U.S. 5-year Treasury yield: Quarterly average of the 
yield on 5-year U.S. Treasury bonds, constructed for 
the FRB/U.S. model by Federal Reserve staff based 
on the Svensson smoothed term structure model; see 
Lars E. O. Svensson (1995), “Estimating Forward 
Interest Rates with the Extended Nelson-Siegel 
Method,” Quarterly Review, no. 3, Sveriges Riks-
bank, pp. 13–26.
U.S. 10-year Treasury yield: Quarterly average of the 
yield on 10-year U.S. Treasury bonds, constructed 
for the FRB/U.S. model by Federal Reserve staff 
based on the Svensson smoothed term structure 
model; see id.
U.S. BBB corporate yield: Quarterly average of the 
yield on 10-year BBB-rated corporate bonds, con-
structed for the FRB/U.S. model by Federal Reserve 
staff using a Nelson-Siegel smoothed yield curve 
model; see Charles R. Nelson and Andrew F . Siegel 
(1987), “Parsimonious Modeling of Yield Curves,” 
Journal of Business, vol. 60, pp. 473–89). Data prior 
to 1997 is based on the W ARGA database. Data 
after 1997 is based on the Merrill Lynch database.
U.S. mortgage rate: Staff calculations based on quar-
terly average of weekly series for the interest rate of a 
conventional, conforming, 30-year fixed-rate mort-
gage, obtained from the Primary Mortgage Market 
Survey of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corpo-
ration and other sources.
U.S. prime rate: Quarterly average of monthly series, 
H.15 Release, Selected Interest Rates, Federal 
Reserve Board.
U.S. Dow Jones Total Stock Market (Float Cap) 
Index: End of quarter value, Dow Jones.
*U.S. House Price Index: CoreLogic, index level, sea-
sonally adjusted by Federal Reserve staff.
*U.S. Commercial Real Estate Price Index: From the 
Financial Accounts of the United States, Federal 
Reserve Board (Z.1 release); the series corresponds 
to the data for price indexes: Commercial Real Estate 
Price Index (series FL075035503.Q, divided by 
1000).
U.S. Market Volatility Index (VIX): Chicago Board 
Options Exchange, converted to quarterly frequency 
by using the maximum close-of-day value in any 
quarter.
*Euro area real GDP growth: Percent change in real 
gross domestic product at an annualized rate, staff 
calculations based on Statistical Office of the Euro-
pean Communities via Haver, extended back using 
ECB Area Wide Model dataset (ECB Working Paper 
series no. 42).
Euro area inflation: Percent change in the quarterly 
average of the harmonized index of consumer prices 
58 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
at an annualized rate, staff calculations based on Sta-
tistical Office of the European Communities via 
Haver.
*Developing Asia real GDP growth: Percent change 
in real gross domestic product at an annualized rate, 
staff calculations based on Bank of Korea via Haver; 
Chinese National Bureau of Statistics via CEIC; 
Indian Central Statistical Organization via CEIC; 
Census and Statistics Department of Hong Kong via 
CEIC; and Taiwan Directorate-General of Budget, 
Accounting, and Statistics via CEIC.
*Developing Asia inflation: Percent change in the 
quarterly average of the consumer price index, or 
local equivalent, at an annualized rate, staff calcula-
tions based on Chinese National Bureau of Statistics 
via CEIC; Indian Ministry of Statistics and Pro-
gramme Implementation via Haver; Labour Bureau 
of India via CEIC; National Statistical Office of 
Korea via CEIC; Census and Statistic Department of 
Hong Kong via CEIC; and Taiwan Directorate-
General of Budget, Accounting, and Statistics via 
CEIC.
*Japan real GDP growth: Percent change in gross 
domestic product at an annualized rate, Cabinet 
Office via Haver.
*Japan inflation: Percent change in the quarterly 
average of the consumer price index at an annualized 
rate, staff calculations based on Ministry of Internal 
Affairs and Communications via Haver.
*U.K. real GDP growth: Percent change in gross 
domestic product at an annualized rate, Office for 
National Statistics via Haver.
U.K. inflation: Percent change in the quarterly aver-
age of the consumer price index at an annualized 
rate, staff calculations based on Office for National 
Statistics via Haver.
Exchange rates: End-of-quarter rates from the H.10 
Release, Foreign Exchange Rates, Federal Reserve 
Board.
June 2017 59

Appendix B: Models to Project Net Income 
and Stressed Capital
This appendix describes the models used to project 
stressed capital ratios and pre-tax net income and its 
components for the 34 bank holding companies 
(BHCs) subject to DFAST 2017.
43 The models fall 
into five broad categories:
1. Models to project losses on loans held in the 
accrual loan portfolio; loans in the accrual loan 
portfolio are those measured under accrual 
accounting, rather than fair-value accounting.
2. Models to project other types of losses, including 
those from changes in fair value on loans held for 
sale or measured under the fair-value option; 
losses on securities, trading, and counterparty 
exposures.
3. Models to project the components of PPNR (rev-
enues and non-credit-related expenses) and losses 
related to operational-risk events that are part of 
PPNR.
4. Models to project balance sheet items and risk-
weighted assets (RW As).
5. The calculations to project capital ratios, given 
projections of pre-tax net income, assumptions 
for determining provisions into the allowance for 
loan and lease losses (ALLL), and prescribed 
capital actions.
For DFAST 2017, the Federal Reserve has materially 
enhanced its models for projecting PPNR, opera-
tional risk and mortgage repurchase losses, and 
credit losses on commercial real estate (CRE) loans. 
In addition, the calculation of regulatory capital and 
capital ratios has been expanded to include post-
stress projections of the supplementary leverage 
ratio.
Losses on the Accrual Loan Portfolio
More than a dozen individual models are used to 
project losses on loans held in the accrual loan port-
folio. The individual loan types modeled can broadly 
be divided into wholesale loans, such as commercial 
and industrial (C&I) loans and commercial real 
estate loans, and retail loans, including various types 
of residential mortgages, credit cards, student loans, 
auto loans, small business loans, and other consumer 
loans.
The models project losses using detailed loan portfo-
lio data provided by the BHCs on the Capital Assess-
ments and Stress Testing (FR Y-14) information 
collection.
Within larger loan categories, loan portfolios may be 
subcategorized by loan type, each with their own 
specific loss projection model. Generally, the loss 
models for all loan portfolios belonging to a larger 
category are similar. For example, losses on first-lien 
mortgage, junior-lien mortgage, and home equity 
loan portfolios are each estimated by separate mod-
els, but each model follows the same structural form.
Two general approaches are taken to model losses on 
the accrual loan portfolio. In the first approach—an 
approach broadly used for DFAST 2017—the mod-
els estimate expected losses under the macroeco-
nomic scenario; that is, they project the probability 
43 In connection with DFAST 2017, and in addition to the models 
developed and data collected by federal banking regulators, the 
Federal Reserve used proprietary models or data licensed from 
the following providers: Andrew Davidson & Co., Inc.; BofA 
Merrill Lynch Global Research; BlackRock Financial Manage-
ment, Inc.; Bloomberg L.P .; CB Richard Ellis, Inc.; CoreLogic 
Inc.; CoStar Group, Inc.; Equifax Information Services LLC; 
Kenneth French; Haver Analytics, Intex Solutions, Inc.; 
McDash Analytics, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Lender 
Processing Services, Inc.; Markit Group; Moody’s Analytics, 
Inc.; Moody’s Investors Service, Inc.; Mergent, Inc.; Morning-
star, Inc.; MSCI, Inc.; StataCorp LP; and Standard & Poor’s 
Financial Services LLC. In addition, with respect to the global 
market shock component of the adverse and severely adverse 
scenarios, the Federal Reserve used proprietary data licensed 
from the following providers: Bank of America Corporation; 
Barclays Bank PLC; Bloomberg L.P .; CoreLogic, Inc.; Intex 
Solutions, Inc.; JPMorgan Chase & Co.; Lender Processing Ser-
vices, Inc.; Markit Group; Moody's Investors Service, Inc.; New 
Y ork University; and Standard & Poor’s Financial Ser-
vices LLC.
61
of default (PD), loss given default (LGD), and expo-
sure at default (EAD) for each quarter of the plan-
ning horizon. Expected losses in quarter t are the 
product of these three components:
Loss 
t = PD t * LGD t * EAD t 
PD is generally modeled as part of a transition pro-
cess in which loans move from one payment status to 
another (e.g., from current to delinquent) in response 
to economic conditions. Default is a terminal transi-
tion, and PD represents the likelihood that a loan 
will default during a given period. The number of 
payment statuses and the transition paths modeled 
differ by loan type.
LGD is typically defined as a percentage of EAD 
and is modeled based on historical data. For some 
loan types, LGD is modeled as a function of bor-
rower, collateral, or loan characteristics and the mac-
roeconomic variables from the supervisory scenarios. 
For other loan types, LGD is assumed to be a 
fixed percentage for all loans in a category. Finally, 
the approach to modeling EAD varies by loan type 
and depends on whether the outstanding loan 
amount can change between the current period and 
the period in which the loan defaults (e.g., for lines 
of credit).
In the second approach, the models capture the his-
torical behavior of net charge-offs relative to changes 
in macroeconomic and financial market variables 
and loan portfolio characteristics.
The loss models primarily focus on losses arising 
from loans in the accrual loan portfolio as of 
December 31, 2016. The loss projections also incor-
porate losses on loans originated after the planning 
horizon begins. These incremental loan balances are 
calculated based on the Federal Reserve’s projections 
of loan balances over the planning horizon. These 
new balances are assumed to have the same risk 
characteristics as those of the loan portfolio as of 
December 31, 2016, with the exception of loan age in 
the retail and CRE portfolios, where seasoning is 
incorporated. Where applicable, new loans are 
assumed to be current, and BHCs are assumed not 
to originate types of loans that are no longer permit-
ted under various regulations. Loss projections also 
incorporate losses on loans acquired through merg-
ers or purchase after the planning horizon begins. 
Additional information provided by the BHCs about 
the size and composition of acquired loan portfolios 
is used to estimate losses on acquired portfolios.
Loss projections generated by the models are 
adjusted to take account of purchase accounting 
treatment, which recognizes discounts on impaired 
loans acquired during mergers and any other write-
downs already taken on loans held in the accrual 
loan portfolio. This latter adjustment ensures that 
losses related to these loans are not double counted 
in the projections.
Wholesale Loans: Corporate Loans
Losses stemming from default on corporate loans are 
projected at the loan level using an expected loss 
modeling framework. Corporate loans consist of a 
number of different categories of loans, as defined 
by the Consolidated Financial Statements for Hold-
ing Companies—FR Y-9C report (FR Y-9C). The 
largest group of these loans includes C&I loans, 
which are generally defined as loans to corporate or 
commercial borrowers with more than $1 million in 
committed balances that are “graded” using a BHC’s 
corporate loan rating process.
44 Small business loans 
with less than $1 million in committed balances are 
included in other retail loans and are modeled 
separately.
The PD for a C&I loan is projected over the plan-
ning horizon by first calculating the loan’s PD at the 
beginning of the planning horizon and then project-
ing it forward using an equation that relates histori-
cal changes in PD to changes in the macroeconomic 
environment. The PD as of December 31, 2016, is 
calculated for every C&I loan in a BHC’s portfolio 
using detailed, loan-level information submitted by 
the BHC. For publicly traded borrowers, a borrower-
specific PD, based on the expected default frequency, 
is used. For other borrowers, the PD is calculated 
based on the borrower’s industry category and the 
BHC’s internal credit rating for the borrower, which 
is converted to a standardized rating scale and then 
mapped to a PD. Loans that are 90 days past due, in 
non-accrual status, or that have a Financial Account-
ing Standards Board Accounting Standards Codifi-
cation Subtopic 310-10 (ASC 310-10) reserve as of 
December 31, 2016, are considered in default.
PDs are projected over the planning horizon using a 
series of equations fitted to the historical relation-
ship between changes in the PD and macroeconomic 
variables, including growth in real gross domestic 
44 All definitions of loan categories and default in this appendix 
are definitions used for the purposes of the supervisory stress 
test models and do not necessarily align with general industry 
definitions or classifications.
62 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
product (GDP), changes in the unemployment rate, 
and changes in the spread on BBB-rated corporate 
bonds. The equations are estimated separately by 
borrower industries, credit quality categories, and 
whether the borrower is foreign or domestic.
The LGD for a C&I loan at the beginning of the 
planning horizon is determined by the line of busi-
ness, seniority of lien (if secured), country, and ASC 
310-10 reserve, if applicable. The LGD is then pro-
jected forward by relating the change in the LGD to 
changes in the PD. In the model, the PD is used as a 
proxy for economic conditions, and, by construct, 
increases in PD generally lead to higher LGDs.
The EAD for C&I lines of credit and other revolving 
commitments equals the sum of the funded balance 
and a portion of the unfunded commitment, which 
reflects the amount that is likely to be drawn down 
by the borrower in the event of default. This draw-
down amount is calibrated to the historical draw-
down experience for defaulted U.S. syndicated 
revolving lines of credit that are in the Shared 
National Credit (SNC) database.
45 In the case of 
closed-end C&I loans, the funded balance and the 
corresponding EAD equals the outstanding balance. 
The EAD for standby letters of credit and trade 
finance credit are conservatively assumed to equal 
the total commitment.
Other corporate loans that are similar in some 
respects to C&I loans are modeled using the same 
framework. These loans include owner-occupied 
CRE loans, capital equipment leases, loans to 
depositories, loans to syndicated pipeline, non-
purpose margin loans (net of loans to purchase and 
carry securities), and other loans.
46 Projected losses 
on owner-occupied CRE loans are disclosed in total 
CRE losses, while projected losses for the remaining 
other corporate loans are disclosed in the other loans 
category.
Wholesale Loans: CRE
CRE loans are loans collateralized by domestic and 
international non-owner occupied multifamily or 
nonfarm, nonresidential properties, and construction 
and land development loans (C&LD), as defined by 
the FR Y-9C report. Losses stemming from default 
on CRE loans are projected at the loan level using an 
expected-loss modeling framework.
The PD model for CRE loans is a hazard model of 
the probability that a loan transitions from current 
to default status, given the characteristics of the loan 
as well as macroeconomic variables, including com-
mercial and residential property price indices and 
unemployment rates, at both the geographic market 
and national level. Once defaulted, the model 
assumes the loan does not re-perform; the effect of 
re-performance on the estimated loan loss is cap-
tured in the LGD model. A CRE loan is considered 
in default if it is 90 days past due, in non-accrual sta-
tus, has an ASC 310-10 reserve, or had a very low 
internal credit rating at the most recent time its 
maturity was extended. The PD model also incorpo-
rates a nonlinear increase in PD as the loan maturity 
nears. The effect of loan age on the PD is calculated 
jointly for income-producing and C&LD loans. 
However, controls are included for income-
producing, multifamily, and C&LD loans, and the 
effect of reaching loan maturity on the PD is allowed 
to vary for each type of loan. The models are esti-
mated using the historical Capital Assessments and 
Stress Testing (FR Y-14) information collection and 
historical commercial mortgage-backed security 
(CMBS) data pooled together. The models include 
controls for the types of loans to account for differ-
ences in risk characteristics between income-
producing, C&LD, and CMBS loans.
The LGD for CRE loans is calculated using Capital 
Assessments and Stress Testing (FR Y-14Q) report 
data on ASC 310-10 reserves. The model first esti-
mates the probability that a defaulted loan will have 
losses as a function of loan characteristics and mac-
roeconomic variables, including commercial property 
prices, residential house prices, and the unemploy-
ment rate. Then, using loans with losses, the model 
estimates the loss on the CRE mortgage as a func-
tion of the expected probability of loss, characteris-
tics of the loan, and residential house prices and the 
unemployment rate. Finally, the EAD for CRE loans 
45 SNCs have commitments of greater than $20 million and are 
held by three or more regulated participating entities. For addi-
tional information, see “Shared National Credit Program,” 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, 
www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg/snc.htm. 
46 The corporate loan category also includes loans that are dis-
similar from typical corporate loans, such as securities lending 
and farmland loans, which are generally a small share of BHC 
portfolios. For these loans, a conservative and uniform loss rate 
based on analysis of historical data is assigned.
June 2017 63
is assumed to equal the loan’s full committed balance 
for both income producing and C&LD loans.
Retail Loans: Residential Mortgages
Residential mortgages held in BHC portfolios 
include first and junior liens—both closed-end loans 
and revolving credits—that are secured by one- to 
four-family residential real estate as defined by the 
FR Y-9C report. Losses stemming from default on 
residential mortgages are projected at the loan level 
using an expected-loss modeling framework.
47
The PD model for first-lien residential mortgages 
estimates the probability that a loan transitions to 
different payment statuses, including current, delin-
quent, servicing transfer, default, and paid off. Sepa-
rate PD models are estimated for three types of 
closed-end, first-lien mortgages: fixed-rate, 
adjustable-rate, and option adjustable-rate mort-
gages. The PD model specification varies somewhat 
by loan type; however, in general, each model esti-
mates the probability that a loan transitions from 
one payment state to another (e.g., from current to 
delinquent or from delinquent to default) over a 
single quarter, given the characteristics of the loan, 
borrower, and underlying property as well as macro-
economic variables, including local house prices, the 
statewide unemployment rate, and interest rates.
48 
Origination vintage effects are also included in the 
estimation in part to capture unobserved characteris-
tics of loan quality.
The historical data used to estimate this model are 
industrywide, loan-level data from many banks and 
mortgage loan originators. These estimated PD mod-
els are used to predict default for each loan reported 
by each BHC under the supervisory scenarios. Resi-
dential mortgage loans are considered in default 
when they are 180 days or more past due.
The LGD for residential mortgages is estimated 
using two models. One model estimates the amount 
of time that elapses between default and real estate 
owned (REO) disposition (timeline model), while the 
other relates characteristics of the defaulted loan, 
such as the property value at default, to one compo-
nent of losses net of recoveries—the proceeds from 
the sale of the property net of foreclosure expenses 
(loss model).
49
These net proceeds are calculated from historical 
data on loan balances, servicer advances, and losses 
from defaulted loans in private-label, residential 
mortgage-backed securities (RMBS). These RMBS 
data are also used to estimate the LGD loss model 
separately for prime jumbo loans, subprime, and 
alt-A loans.
50
Finally, using the elapsed time between default and 
REO disposition estimated in the timeline model, 
total estimated losses are allocated into credit losses 
on the defaulted loans, which are fully written down 
at the time of default, or net losses arising from the 
eventual sale of the underlying property (other real 
estate owned—or OREO—expenses), which flow 
through PPNR. House price changes from the time 
of default to foreclosure completion (REO acquisi-
tion) are captured in LGD, while house price 
changes after foreclosure completion and before sale 
of the property are captured in OREO expenses. The 
LGD for loans already in default as of December 31, 
2016, includes further home price declines through 
the point of foreclosure.
Home equity loans (HELs) are junior-lien, closed-
end loans, and home equity lines of credit 
(HELOCs) are revolving open-end loans extended 
under lines of credit. Both are secured by one- to 
four-family residential real estate as defined by the 
FR Y-9C report. Losses stemming from default on 
HELs and HELOCs are projected at the loan level in 
an expected loss framework that is similar to first-
lien mortgages, with a few differences. The PD model 
for HELOCs estimates the probability that the loan 
transitions from its status as of December 31, 
2016, to payment statuses, including current, 
impaired, default, prepaid, and paid off. At each 
point in time, each transition model is a function of 
account characteristics, customer characteristics, 
economic environment, and past delinquency his-
47 To predict losses on new originations over the planning hori-
zon, newly originated loans are assumed to have the same risk 
characteristics as the existing portfolio, with the exception of 
loan age and delinquency status.
48 The effects of loan modification and evolving modification 
practices are captured in the probability that a delinquent loan 
transitions back to current status (re-performing loans).
49 Other components of losses net of recoveries are calculated 
directly from available data. Private mortgage insurance is not 
incorporated into the LGD models. Industry data suggest that 
insurance coverage on portfolio loans is infrequent and cancel-
lation or nullification of guarantees was a common occurrence 
during the recent downturn.
50 The differences between characteristics of mortgages in RMBS 
and mortgages in bank portfolios, such as loan-to-value (LTV) 
ratio, are controlled for by including various risk characteristics 
in the LGD model, such as original LTV ratio, credit score, and 
credit quality segment (prime, alt-A, and subprime).
64 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
tory. Economic drivers include interest rates, home 
prices, and the unemployment rate.
For second-lien HELs and HELOCs that are current 
as of December 31, 2016, but are junior to a seri-
ously delinquent first-lien mortgage, the model 
assumes elevated default rates under the supervisory 
scenarios. In addition, most HELOC contracts 
require only payment of interest on the outstanding 
line balance during the period when the line can be 
drawn upon (draw period). When the line reaches the 
end of its draw period (end-of-draw), the outstand-
ing line balance either becomes immediately payable 
or converts to a fully amortizing loan. HELOCs that 
reach the end-of-draw period are assumed to prepay 
at a higher rate just prior to end-of-draw and to 
default at a higher rate just after end-of-draw than 
HELOCs that are still in their draw period.
The LGD for HELs and HELOCs is estimated using 
data from private-label mortgage-backed securities, 
using the same models used for closed-end first-lien 
mortgages, but the estimated total mortgage losses 
for properties with a defaulted HEL or HELOC are 
allocated based on the lien position. Finally, for 
HELOCs, EAD is assumed to equal the maximum of 
the outstanding line balance and the credit limit.
Retail Loans: Credit Cards
Credit cards include both general purpose and 
private-label credit cards, as well as charge cards, as 
defined by the FR Y-9C report. Credit card loans 
extended to individuals are included in retail credit 
cards, while credit cards loans extended to businesses 
and corporations are included in other retail lending 
and are modeled separately. Losses stemming from 
defaults on credit cards are projected at the loan level 
using an expected-loss modeling framework.
The PD model for credit cards estimates the prob-
ability that a loan transitions from delinquency sta-
tus to default status, given the characteristics of the 
account and borrower as well as macroeconomic 
variables, including unemployment. When an 
account defaults, it is assumed to be closed and does 
not return to current status. Credit card loans are 
considered in default when they are 120 days or more 
past due. Because the relationship between the PD 
and its determinants can vary with the initial status 
of the account, separate transition models are esti-
mated for accounts that are current and active, cur-
rent and inactive accounts, and delinquent accounts. 
In addition, because this relationship can also vary 
with time horizons, separate transition models are 
estimated for short-, medium-, and long-term hori-
zons. The historical data used to estimate this model 
are industrywide, loan-level data from many banks, 
and separate models were estimated for bank cards 
and charge cards. The PD model is used to forecast 
the PD for each loan reported by each BHC in the 
Capital Assessments and Stress Testing (FR Y-
14) information collection.
The LGD for credit cards is assumed to be a 
fixed percentage of EAD and is calculated separately 
for bank cards and charge cards based on historical 
industry data on LGD during the most recent eco-
nomic downturn. The EAD for credit cards equals 
the sum of the amount outstanding on the account 
and a portion of the credit line, which reflects the 
amount that is likely to be drawn down by the bor-
rower between the beginning of the planning horizon 
and the time of default. This drawdown amount is 
estimated as a function of account and borrower 
characteristics. Because this relationship can vary 
with the initial status of the account and time to 
default, separate models are estimated for current 
and delinquent accounts and for accounts with 
short-, medium-, and long-term transition to default. 
For accounts that are current, separate models were 
also estimated for different credit-line-size segments.
Retail Loans: Auto
Auto loans are consumer loans extended for the pur-
pose of purchasing new and used automobiles and 
light motor vehicles as defined by the FR Y-9C 
report. Losses stemming from default in auto retail 
loan portfolios are projected at the portfolio segment 
level using an expected loss framework.
The PD model for auto loans estimates the probabil-
ity that a loan transitions from either a current or 
delinquent status to default status, given the charac-
teristics of the loan and borrower as well as macro-
economic variables, including house prices and the 
unemployment rate. Auto loans are defined as being 
in default based on either the payment status 
(120 days or more past due), actions of the borrower 
(bankruptcy), or actions of the lender (repossession). 
Because the relationship between the PD and its 
determinants can vary with the initial status of the 
account, separate transition models are estimated for 
June 2017 65
accounts that are current and delinquent accounts. 
The historical data used to estimate this model are 
loan-level, credit bureau data.
The LGD for auto loans is modeled as a function of 
the characteristics of the loan as well as macroeco-
nomic variables, such as the unemployment rate and 
used car prices. The historical data used to estimate 
this model are pooled, segment-level data provided 
by the BHCs on the Capital Assessments and Stress 
Testing (FR Y-14) information collection. The EAD 
for auto loans is based on the typical pattern of 
amortization of loans that ultimately defaulted in 
historical credit bureau data. The estimated EAD 
model captures the average amortization by loan age 
for current and delinquent loans over nine quarters.
Retail Loans: Other Retail Loans
The other retail loans category includes the small 
business loan portfolio, the other consumer loan 
portfolio, the student loan portfolio, the business 
and corporate credit card portfolio, and interna-
tional retail portfolio. Losses due to default on other 
retail loans are forecast by modeling as a function of 
portfolio risk characteristics and macroeconomic 
variables. This model is then used to predict future 
charge-offs consistent with the evolution of eco-
nomic conditions under the supervisory scenarios.
51 
The predicted net charge-off rate is applied to bal-
ances projected by the Federal Reserve to estimate 
projected losses.
The net charge-off rate is projected using a system of 
equations that also generates projections of the 
delinquency rate and the default rate. Default is 
defined as 90 days or more past due for domestic and 
international other consumer loans and 120 days or 
more past due for student loans, small business 
loans, corporate cards, and international retail port-
folios. In general, each rate is modeled in an autore-
gressive specification that also includes the rate in the 
previous delinquency state, characteristics of the 
underlying loans, macroeconomic variables, such as 
changes in the unemployment rate and disposable 
personal income growth, and, in some cases, seasonal 
factors. The models are specified to implicitly cap-
ture roll-rate dynamics.
52 Each retail product type is 
modeled separately and, for each product type, eco-
nomic theory and the institutional characteristics of 
the product guide the inclusion and lag structure of 
the macroeconomic variables in the model.
Because of data limitations and the relatively small 
size of these portfolios, the net charge-off rate for 
each loan type is modeled using industry-
wide, monthly data at the segment level. For most 
portfolios, these data are collected on the FR Y-14Q 
Retail schedule, which segments each portfolio by 
characteristics such as borrower credit score; loan 
vintage; type of facility (e.g., installment versus 
revolving); and, for international portfolios, geo-
graphic region.
53
Charge-off rates are projected by applying the esti-
mated system of equations to each segment of the 
BHC’s loan portfolio as of December 31, 2016. The 
portfolio-level charge-off rate equals the dollar-
weighted average of the segment-level charge-off 
rates.
54
Loan-Loss Provisions for the Accrual 
Loan Portfolio
Losses on the accrual loan portfolio flow into net 
income through provisions for loan and lease losses. 
Provisions for loan and lease losses equal projected 
loan losses for the quarter plus the amount needed 
for the ALLL to be at an appropriate level at the end 
of the quarter, which is a function of projected 
future loan losses. The appropriate level of ALLL at 
the end of a given quarter is generally assumed to be 
the amount needed to cover projected loan losses 
over the next four quarters.
55 Because this calcula-
tion of ALLL is based on projected losses under the 
adverse or severely adverse scenarios, it may differ 
from a BHC’s actual level of ALLL at the beginning 
of the planning horizon, which is based on the 
BHC’s assessment of future losses in the current eco-
nomic environment. Any difference between these 
51 For the government-guaranteed portion of BHCs’ student loan 
portfolios, an assumption of low PD and LGD is applied.
52 Roll-rate dynamics refers to how delinquent loans in one period 
transition to defaulted loans in the next, and how defaulted 
loans in a period transition to net charge-offs in the next.
53 Business and corporate credit card portfolio data, which were 
previously collected on the FR Y-14Q Retail schedule, are now 
collected at the loan level on the FR Y-14M Credit Card sched-
ule and subsequently aggregated to the segment level.
54 The dollar weights used are based on the distribution reported 
during the previous observation period. This method assumes 
that the distribution of loans across risk segments, other than 
delinquency status segments, remains constant over the projec-
tion period.
55 For loan types modeled in a charge-off framework, the appro-
priate level of ALLL is adjusted to reflect the difference in tim-
ing between the recognition of expected losses and that of 
charge-offs.
66 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
two measures of ALLL is smoothed into the provi-
sions projection over the nine quarters of the plan-
ning horizon. Because projected loan losses include 
off-balance sheet commitments, the BHC’s allowance 
at the beginning of the planning horizon for credit 
losses on off-balance sheet exposures (as reported on 
the FR Y-9C report) is subtracted from the provi-
sions projection in equal amounts each quarter.
Other Losses
Loans Held for Sale or Measured under the 
Fair-Value Option
Certain loans are not accounted for on an accrual 
basis. Loans to which the fair-value option (FVO) is 
applied are valued as mark-to-market assets. Loans 
that are held-for-sale (HFS) are carried at the lower 
of cost or market value.
FVO/HFS loan portfolios are identified by BHCs 
and reported on the FR Y-14Q report. Losses related 
to FVO/HFS loans are recognized in earnings on the 
income statement at the time of the devaluation and 
are calculated by applying scenario-specific interest 
rate and credit spread projections.
Losses on C&I and CRE loans and commitments are 
calculated by revaluing each loan or commitment 
each quarter using a stressed discount yield. The ini-
tial discount yield is based on the loan or commit-
ment’s initial fair value, settlement date, maturity 
date, and interest rate. Quarterly movements in the 
discount yield over the planning horizon are 
assumed to equal the stressed change in corporate 
bond yields of the same credit rating and maturity, 
adjusted for potential changes in credit ratings. The 
models estimate changes in the fair value of the loan 
in a given scenario on a committed-balance basis.
Losses on retail loans held under FVO/HFS 
accounting are calculated over the nine quarters of 
the planning horizon using a duration-based 
approach. This approach uses balances on these 
loans reported on the FR Y-14Q report, estimates of 
portfolio-weighted duration, and quarterly changes 
in stressed spreads from the macroeconomic sce-
nario. Estimates are calculated separately by vintage 
and loan type. No losses are assumed for residential 
mortgage loans under forward contract with the 
government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs).
Gains and losses on FVO loan hedges are modeled 
on a quarterly basis, using a set of scenario-specific 
factor projections and factor sensitivities submitted 
by BHCs. Profits and losses are calculated for a vari-
ety of hedge types, including corporate credit, rates, 
equities, and commercial mortgage-backed securities 
(CMBS). These profits and losses are netted from 
estimated losses on the FVO loans.
Projections of fair value losses assume that each 
position has a constant maturity over the projection 
horizon. Aggregate gains and losses on hedges at the 
firm level are netted against projected gains and 
losses on wholesale and retail exposures in order to 
arrive at final estimates.
Securities in the Available-for-Sale and 
Held-to-Maturity Portfolios
Securities in the available-for-sale and held-to-
maturity (AFS/HTM) portfolios include U.S. Treas-
ury, U.S. Agency, municipal, mortgage-backed, asset-
backed, corporate debt, and equity securities. The 
AFS/HTM portfolio does not include securities held 
for trading; losses on these securities are projected 
separately. Changes in the value of the AFS/HTM 
portfolio can potentially impact a BHC’s capital in 
two ways. First, other-than-temporary impairment 
(OTTI) losses on AFS/HTM securities and other 
realized gains and losses are recognized in the net 
income of all BHCs. Second, under regulatory capi-
tal rules, advanced approaches BHCs and other 
BHCs that opt into advanced approaches treatment 
for the accumulated other comprehensive income 
(AOCI) must incorporate into Common Equity Tier 
1 (CET1) capital the AOCI that arises, in part, from 
changes in the value of AFS securities. Both OTTI 
and unrealized gains and losses on AFS securities are 
projected at the security level, based on FR Y-
14Q data, and aggregated up to the BHC level.
OCI associated with AFS securities arises from 
changes in the unrealized gains and losses on those 
securities, which are calculated as the difference 
between each security’s fair value and its amortized 
cost. The amortized cost of each AFS security is col-
lected by the Federal Reserve and equals the pur-
chase price of a debt security periodically adjusted if 
the debt security was purchased at a price other than 
par or face value or has had a prior impairment rec-
ognized in earnings. The fair value of each AFS 
security is projected over the nine-quarter planning 
June 2017 67
horizon using one of three methods: a present-value 
calculation, a full revaluation, or a duration-based 
approach. The simple present-value calculation is 
used to directly re-price U.S. Treasury securities. This 
calculation incorporates both the timing and amount 
of contractual cash flows and quarterly Treasury 
yields from the macroeconomic scenario. Full revalu-
ation uses a security-specific discounted cash flow 
model to re-price agency MBS. Finally, the duration-
based approach is used for all other securities. The 
duration-based approach forecasts the quarterly 
price path based on an approximation of the rela-
tionship between the securities price and its yield, 
taking into account security-specific information. 
Separate spread projections are calculated for securi-
ties in each asset class using projections of interest 
rates, corporate credit spreads, volatility, and asset 
prices included in supervisory scenarios. Final pro-
jections of OCI take into account applicable interest 
hedges on the securities.
Securities experiencing an impairment over the fore-
cast horizon may be at risk of an OTTI, which 
affects earnings and regulatory capital.
56 An impair-
ment occurs when the fair value of a security falls 
below its amortized cost. If the BHC intends to sell a 
security, or if it is more likely than not that the BHC 
will have to sell without recovering its investment, 
then any impairment on that security will flow 
through the BHC’s earnings and the full write-down 
to fair value is recognized periodically as OTTI until 
the quarter in which the security is sold. Otherwise, a 
BHC must recognize as a charge to earnings only the 
credit component of OTTI, which reflects a non-
temporary decline in present value below amortized 
cost. The supervisory OTTI models are designed to 
incorporate the credit component only, unless the 
firm will be required to sell the security.
57
U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agency obliga-
tions and U.S. government agency or GSE mortgage-
backed securities are assumed not to be at risk for 
the kind of credit impairment that results in credit-
related OTTI charges. The supervisory OTTI models 
test all other securities for the potential for OTTI 
impairment under the stress scenario. For all securi-
ties at risk for impairment that would result in credit-
related OTTI charges, future balances are assumed to 
have risk characteristics similar to those of the initial 
balances.
Securities at risk of an impairment that would result 
in credit-related OTTI charges can be grouped into 
three categories: securitizations, direct debt obliga-
tions, and equity securities.
Securitized obligations include CMBS, U.S. non-
agency RMBS, collateralized loan obligations 
(CLOs), auto asset-backed securities (ABS), credit 
card ABS, and foreign RMBS. The present value of 
security-level cash flows is calculated based on the 
projected collateral cash flows and the structure of 
the security using the contractual rate of interest on 
the security as the discount rate. The projected col-
lateral cash flows of securitized obligations depend 
on the performance of the collateral pool, which is 
projected using internally developed or third-party 
models that are conditioned on macroeconomic vari-
ables such as the unemployment rate, real estate 
prices, GDP, and interest rates. The CMBS, U.S. 
non-agency RMBS, and CLO models project the 
performance of each loan in the pool. These models 
are broken into PD and LGD components and 
include applicable loan and borrower characteristics, 
such as loan-to-value ratio, issuer credit rating, and 
loan geography. Other models project the perfor-
mance of the overall portfolio. All models consider 
variables specifying the type of loan and loan delin-
quency status.
Direct debt obligations are issued by a single issuer 
with recourse and include corporate bonds and sov-
ereign bonds. In the models, whether a credit-related 
OTTI charge is taken on these securities is based on 
the potential for a rating downgrade. The potential 
of a rating downgrade is determined by projected 
changes in the one-year PD of the issuer for corpo-
rate bonds and the credit default swap (CDS) spread 
for sovereign bonds in response to changes in macro-
economic drivers, such as interest rates, spreads, and 
regional GDP . If the projected value of either the PD 
or the CDS spread crosses a threshold level consis-
tent with a “CCC/Caa” rating or below, then the 
security is considered to have an OTTI, to the extent 
the projected present value of cash flow is below 
amortized cost. If a security is considered OTTI, 
then the present value of cash flows is projected 
using historical data on bond recovery rates given 
default.
56 Recognition and Presentation of Other-Than-Temporary-
Impairments, Financial Accounting Standards Board, Staff 
Position No. FAS 115-2 and FAS 124-2 (April 9, 2009), 
www
.fasb.org/jsp/FASB/Document_C/DocumentPage?cid=
1176154545419&acceptedDisclaimer=true
. 
57 The model assumes that a collateralized loan obligation (CLO) 
considered a covered fund under the Board’s Regulation VV 
(the Volcker Rule) is required to be sold during the projection 
horizon, and that the CLO will be held until the date when it is 
required to be sold. See 12 CFR part 248.
68 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Projected OTTI charges on other direct debt obliga-
tions, including municipal bonds and security types 
with smaller levels of exposure, are based on the sta-
tistical relationship between observed OTTI write-
downs and the evolution of unrealized losses over 
the scenario as projected by the fair value model. The 
probability of an OTTI write-down and the severity 
of the write-down are calculated separately. 
Observed OTTI write-downs are based on data 
reported on the FR Y-14Q report and unrealized loss 
is calculated based on the initial amortized cost and 
projections of the fair value model for the security. 
Projected OTTI charges on equity securities are 
based on the projected fair value of each security as 
determined by the path of the U.S. equities index 
and the sensitivity of each security’s returns to the 
overall returns of the index.
Balances at risk of OTTI are assumed not to 
decrease. After a security is written down as OTTI, 
the difference between its original value and its post-
OTTI value is assumed to be invested in securities 
with the same risk characteristics. Similarly, the fair 
value projections assume that duration and remain-
ing life remain constant. Net increases projected by 
the Federal Reserve in a BHC’s securities portfolio 
after December 31, 2016, are assumed to be in short-
term, riskless assets, and no OTTI or OCI are pro-
jected on these securities.
Trading and Private Equity
Losses related to trading positions that are included 
in the supervisory stress test are of two primary 
types. The first type arises from changes in the mark-
to-market value of the trading positions. The second 
type is associated with either the potential or the 
realized default of obligors and counterparties. The 
models used to project losses on trading positions 
under the global market shock account for both 
types of losses and rely on the market values and 
stressed revaluation of positions provided by BHCs 
on the FR Y-14Q report.
Mark-to-market gains and losses on trading posi-
tions are calculated by applying the movements in 
the global market shock factors to the associated 
market values or market value movements provided 
by BHCs. The global market shock specifies move-
ments in numerous market factors, such as equity 
prices, foreign exchange rates, interest rates and 
spreads, commodity prices, securitized product 
prices, and private equity values. BHCs provide the 
market value of their securitized products and pri-
vate equity positions. For all other market factors, 
BHCs provide the estimated market value change 
(i.e., the profit or loss) across the trading book asso-
ciated with a single, limited movement in a market 
factor (e.g., +1 basis point movement in a foreign 
exchange rate) or a range of positive and negative 
movements in a market factor (e.g., –30 percent, 
–25 percent, +30 percent for a foreign exchange rate). 
These market values and market value changes are 
collected for the same factors specified in the global 
market shock. The computation of gains and losses 
is performed by applying the market factor move-
ments specified in the global market shock to the 
information reported by BHCs. For securitized prod-
ucts and private equity positions, the market values 
are multiplied by the global market shock market 
value movements. For all other market factors the 
gains and losses are computed by either multiplica-
tion of the global market shock movement and a 
single associated market value change or by interpo-
lation using the range of associated market value 
changes. The ranges are used to capture the non-
linear market value changes associated with certain 
assets.
Credit Valuation Adjustments
Losses that are related to the potential adverse 
changes in credit quality of a counterparty to deriva-
tives positions are captured through credit valuation 
adjustments (CV A). CV A is an adjustment to the 
mark-to-market valuation of a BHC’s trading posi-
tions that accounts for the risk of adverse changes in 
counterparty credit quality prior to default on its 
obligations. BHCs report their baseline and stressed 
CV A on a counterparty-level on the FR Y-14Q 
report as well as the associated baseline and stressed 
values of the components of CV A: expected expo-
sure, PD, and LGD. The loss estimate is computed as 
the difference between the baseline and the stressed 
CV A for all counterparties.
Incremental Default Risk
In addition to mark-to-market and CV A losses on 
trading positions, the losses associated with the 
default of issuers of credit instruments is captured 
through an incremental default risk (IDR) model 
that estimates the losses in excess of mark-to-market 
losses subsequent to default of an issuer. The expo-
sure types captured through this issuer default-loss 
estimate include single-name products (e.g., corpo-
rate bonds and single name CDS), index and index-
tranche products, and securitized products, which are 
June 2017 69
distinct from the bilateral derivatives agreements and 
securities financing transactions included in the larg-
est counterparty default scenario component 
(described below). A distribution of simulated sets of 
issuer defaults is created through a random jump-to-
default framework that is based on factors such as 
probability of default and obligor correlations. 
Default distributions are simulated at the level of 
individual obligors or at the instrument and rating 
level, depending on exposure type. Losses associated 
with each default are derived from exposure at 
default, which is based on position information 
reported on the FR Y-14Q report, and loss given 
default, which is based on historical information. 
The loss estimate is the loss associated with a 
tail percentile of the distribution, which is calibrated 
to the severity of the macroeconomic scenario.
Largest Counterparty Default
To estimate losses from the default of counterparties 
to derivatives and securities financing transactions, 
the Federal Reserve applied a counterparty default 
scenario component to the eight BHCs that have 
substantial trading or custodial operations. The loss 
is based on the assumed instantaneous and unex-
pected default of a BHC’s largest counterparty, 
defined as the counterparty that would produce the 
largest total net stressed loss if it were to default on 
all of its derivatives and securities financing transac-
tions. Net stressed loss was calculated using net 
stressed current exposure (CE), which is derived by 
applying the global market shock to the unstressed 
positions as well as any collateral posted or received 
and reported by BHCs. For derivative agreements, 
net stressed current exposure was calculated net of 
any stressed credit valuation adjustment (CV A) 
losses and any gains from CV A hedges not included 
in the calculation of trading gains or losses. A recov-
ery rate of 10 percent is assumed for both net 
stressed CE and applicable CDS hedges.
Similar to the global market shock component, the 
loss associated with the counterparty default compo-
nent occurs in the first quarter of the projection and 
is an add-on to the economic conditions and finan-
cial market environment in the supervisory scenarios. 
Certain sovereign entities (Canada, France, Ger-
many, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom, and the 
United States) and designated clearing counterpar-
ties were excluded when selecting the largest 
counterparty.
PPNR
PPNR is the sum of net interest income (interest 
income minus interest expense) plus noninterest 
income less noninterest expense, including losses 
from operational risk events and OREO expenses. 
PPNR does not include provisions for credit losses 
on loans or losses from other than temporary 
impairments on securities.
Core components of PPNR
Core components of PPNR are forecast separately, 
using autoregressive models, aggregate models, 
simple nonparametric models, or structural models.
Significant efforts are made to eliminate or minimize 
potential double-counting of losses. For example, in 
estimating certain components of PPNR, historical 
data series are adjusted, where appropriate, to 
exclude losses from operational-risk events and 
OREO expenses, which are modeled separately, as 
described below. In addition, the modeling approach 
for trading revenue (described below) limits the influ-
ence of severe market events captured in the global 
market shock. Finally, PPNR projections do not 
include debt valuation adjustments (DV A), which is 
not included in regulatory capital.
When choosing the level of detail at which to model 
the components of PPNR, consideration is given 
both to BHCs’ business models and the ability to 
model the individual income or expense component 
accurately. Separate models are estimated for 22 dif-
ferent components of PPNR:
• The seven components of interest income modeled 
include income on loans, Treasury securities, 
mortgage-backed securities, federal funds and 
repurchase agreements, other securities, trading 
assets, and all other interest income.
• The five components of interest expense modeled 
include interest expense on deposits, federal funds 
and repurchase agreements, trading liabilities and 
other borrowed money, subordinated debt, and all 
other interest expenses.
70 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
• The seven components of noninterest income 
include trading revenue and six components of 
noninterest, non-trading income: service charges 
on deposits, fiduciary income, income from insur-
ance, investment banking fees, net servicing fees, 
and all other noninterest income.
• Finally, three components of noninterest expense 
include compensation expense, fixed asset expense, 
and all other noninterest expense (excluding losses 
from operational-risk events or OREO expenses). 
Each model generates projections of the PPNR com-
ponent scaled by a relevant asset or liability balance 
(e.g., interest income on Treasury securities as a ratio 
of the book value of Treasury securities). The ratio 
forecast is then multiplied by the firm’s projected 
asset or liability balance to generate a projection of 
the dollars of PPNR for that component.
The types of models used to forecast various compo-
nents of PPNR include
• autoregressive models that relate the components 
of a BHC’s revenues and non-provision-related 
expenses, expressed as a share of relevant asset or 
liability balances, to BHC characteristics and to 
macroeconomic variables;
• aggregate models in which the revenue or expense 
is allocated to each BHC based on a measure of 
the BHC’s market share;
• simple nonparametric models based on recent 
firm-level performance; and
• structural models that use granular data on indi-
vidual positions. 
The specific macroeconomic variables included in 
the models differ across equations based on statisti-
cal predictive power and economic theory. Macro-
economic variables used to project interest income 
and interest expense include yields on short- and 
long-term Treasury securities, and corporate bond 
spreads. Noninterest non-trading income and nonin-
terest expense are projected as a function of GDP 
growth, stock market volatility, stock returns, and 
home price growth.
Trading revenues are volatile because they include 
both changes in the market value of trading assets 
and fees from market-making activities. Forecasts of 
PPNR from trading activities at the six BHCs sub-
ject to the global market shock are modeled in the 
aggregate, as a function of stock market returns and 
changes in stock market volatility, and then allocated 
to each BHC based on a measure of the BHC’s mar-
ket share. Net trading revenue is modeled using a 
median regression approach to lessen the influence 
of extreme movements in trading revenue, and, 
thereby, to avoid double-counting of trading losses 
that are captured under the global market shock. 
Trading revenues for the remaining BHCs are mod-
eled as a function of corporate bond yields and long-
term Treasury yields, in an autoregressive framework 
similar to that of other PPNR components.
Some noninterest income and noninterest expense 
components are highly volatile quarter-to-quarter 
but do not exhibit a clear cyclical pattern. As a 
result, these components are modeled as a constant 
forecast ratio to reflect median performance over the 
past eight quarters.
The estimate of interest expenses on subordinated 
debt is based on security-level information and takes 
into account differences in the maturity schedule and 
debt pricing across firms. The estimate also reflects 
yields on short-term and long-term Treasury securi-
ties, and corporate bond spreads under various 
scenarios.
An enhanced modeling approach for projecting cer-
tain components of PPNR was used for the first 
time in DFAST 2017 (discussed in greater detail in 
box 2). The enhanced autoregressive models follow 
the same framework as the models used in DFAST 
2016, but employ a different assumption about what 
firm revenues and expenses converge towards over 
time. Specifically, in the enhanced models, projec-
tions for PPNR components (expressed as a share of 
a relevant asset or liability balance) converge over 
time towards the BHC’s own post-crisis performance 
for that revenue or expense category while still vary-
ing in response to changes in macro conditions. The 
post-crisis period in this context is defined as the 
time period from 2009:Q4 onwards. In contrast, in 
the DFAST 2016 PPNR models, BHC projections 
for some models are generally assumed to converge 
towards industry average performance or the average 
performance of a class of firms. The enhanced mod-
els also feature updates to the set of macroeconomic 
variables and controls used in the model 
specifications.
The enhanced models perform better according to a 
number of key metrics. They better capture differ-
ences in business models across BHCs, produce pro-
jections which are more sensitive to economic condi-
tions, and have improved in-sample and out-of-
June 2017 71
sample forecasting performance compared to the 
models used in DFAST 2016. The enhanced models 
are also less sensitive to the most recent value of the 
BHC’s revenues and expenses, improving the stabil-
ity of model projections over time.
For DFAST 2017, PPNR projections are calculated 
as the arithmetic average of the projection from the 
models used in DFAST 2016 and the enhanced mod-
els, consistent with the Federal Reserve’s policy of 
phasing in the most material model enhancements 
over two stress test cycles to smooth the effect on 
post-stress capital ratios.
58
Losses Related to Operational-Risk Events
Losses related to operational-risk events are a com-
ponent of PPNR and include losses stemming from 
events such as fraud, computer system failures, pro-
cess errors, and lawsuits by employees, customers or 
other parties. Operational-risk loss estimates include 
the average of loss estimates from two modeling 
approaches and estimates of potential costs from 
unfavorable litigation outcomes.
Both modeling approaches— a historical simulation 
approach and a regression model—project opera-
tional losses for the 34 BHCs and are based on his-
torical operational-loss data submitted by the BHCs 
on the FR Y-14A/Q reports.
In the historical simulation model, losses at differ-
ent percentiles of simulated, nine-quarter loss distri-
butions are used as a proxy for the expected opera-
tional losses conditional on the macroeconomic sce-
narios. Losses are modeled for each BHC and each 
of the seven operational-risk categories identified in 
the Board’s advanced approaches rule.
59 The histori-
cal simulation approach models the loss frequency 
and loss severity separately. The tails of the loss 
severity and frequency distributions are informed by 
historical industry loss severity and frequency scaled 
to the assets of individual BHCs, while the bodies of 
these distributions are informed by each BHC’s his-
torical loss severity and frequency. The distribution 
of aggregate losses is then simulated by repeatedly 
drawing the 9-quarter event frequency from this fre-
quency distribution, and the severity of those events 
from the severity distribution. The percentiles of loss 
distributions, which are used to estimate stressed 
losses, are tied to the frequency of severe recessions 
for the severely adverse scenario and to the frequency 
of all recessions for the adverse scenario. Loss fore-
casts for an individual BHC are the sum of the 
BHC’s loss estimates for each event type.
The regression model is a two-step model. The first 
step projects the industry aggregate operational 
losses conditional on macroeconomic factors over 
the nine-quarter horizon.
60 A regression approach is 
used to model industry operational losses as a func-
tion of macroeconomic variables, including measures 
of economic activity, financial conditions, and inter-
est rate environment, and to produce industry aggre-
gate projected losses for each of the different sce-
narios. Finally, the second step estimates weights to 
distribute industry losses to individual BHCs based 
on each BHC’s size.
Mortgage Repurchase Losses
Mortgage repurchase losses are credit losses incurred 
relating to breaches of representations and warran-
ties on mortgage loans sold to investors (GSEs, 
private-label security investors, or whole loan buy-
ers). Mortgage repurchase risk has declined in recent 
years due to improvements in underwriting stan-
dards and settlements relating to representations and 
warranties for pre-crisis vintages. Furthermore, new 
data from recent mortgage repurchase settlements 
has allowed the operational risk model to better 
incorporate mortgage repurchase risk, reducing the 
need for a separate mortgage repurchase model.
As a result, the separate mortgage repurchase model 
used in DFAST 2016 has now been retired.
58 For more information on the Federal Reserve's policy regarding 
material model changes, see Daniel K. Tarullo (2016), "
Next 
Steps in the Evolution of Stress Testing," speech delivered at 
the Yale University School of Management Leaders Forum, 
New Haven, CT, September 26. Projections of the components 
of PPNR in DFAST 2018 will reflect the enhanced models only.
59 The seven operational-loss event type categories identified in 
the Federal Reserve’s advanced approaches rule are internal 
fraud; external fraud; employment practices and workplace 
safety; clients, products, and business practices; damage to 
physical assets; business disruption and system failures; and 
execution, delivery, and process management. See 12 CFR 
217.101(b).
60 Losses are aggregated for six of the seven operational-risk cat-
egories. Operational-risk losses due to damage to physical assets 
are the exception. These losses are not expected to be depen-
dent on the macroeconomic environment and therefore are 
modelled separately only as a function of size, but not of mac-
roeconomic variables.
72 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Balance-Sheet Items and 
Risk-Weighted Assets
The size of each BHC’s balance sheet is projected 
based on a model that relates industrywide loan and 
non-loan asset growth to each other and to broader 
economic variables, including a proxy for loan sup-
ply. The model allows for both long-run relationships 
between the industry aggregates and macroeconomic 
variables, as well as short-term dynamics that cause 
deviations from these relationships. It is calculated 
using aggregate data from the Federal Reserve’s 
Financial Accounts of the United States (Z.1) and 
the Bureau of Economic Analysis.
Industry loan and asset growth rates are projected 
over the planning horizon using the macroeconomic 
variables prescribed in the supervisory scenario. The 
growth rates embed the assumption that the industry 
will continue to lend using standards that are consis-
tent with long-run behavior. This tends to raise the 
projected growth of lending by removing the effects 
of BHC tightening that often occur in stressful peri-
ods. Over this horizon, each BHC is assumed to 
maintain a constant share of the industry’s total 
assets, total loans, and total trading assets. In addi-
tion, each BHC is assumed to maintain a constant 
mix within their loan and trading asset categories. 
These assumptions are applied as follows:
• Each category of loans at a BHC is assumed to 
grow at the projected rate of total loans in the 
industry.
• Each category of trading assets at a BHC is 
assumed to grow as a function of both the pro-
jected rate of total assets and the projected market 
value of trading assets in the industry.
• All other assets of a BHC, including securities, are 
assumed to grow at the projected rate of non-loan 
assets in the industry.
• A BHC’s cash holdings level, the residual category, 
is set such that the sum of cash and noncash assets 
grows at the projected rate of total assets.
• Growth in securities is assumed to be in short-
term, riskless assets. 
Balance sheet projections incorporate expected 
changes to a BHC’s business plan, such as mergers, 
acquisitions, and divestitures that are likely to have a 
material impact on its capital adequacy and funding 
profile. BHC-submitted data are used to adjust the 
projected balance sheet in the quarter when the 
change is expected to occur. Once adjusted, assets 
are assumed to grow at the same rate as the pre-
adjusted balance sheet. Only submitted divestitures 
that are either completed or contractually agreed 
upon before April 5, 2017, are incorporated.
The projection of RW As is accomplished in two 
parts and is based on the tenets of the standardized 
approach and market risk rule in the Board’s Regu-
lation Q.
61 The first part requires estimating the path 
of credit RW As based on exposures from loans and 
securities.
62 The second requires estimating the path 
of MRW A based on exposures under the market risk 
rule.
63
Credit RW A projection is a straightforward imple-
mentation of the standardized approach. Most risk 
weights are imputed from the FR Y-9C report and 
held fixed throughout the projection horizon. Risk 
weights are applied to appropriate balance paths and 
summed across categories. This treatment is consis-
tent with the assumption that the general features of 
the credit portfolio and non-trading book assets 
remain constant during the projection period.
MRW A projections incorporate the assumption that 
market risk is sensitive to the economic scenario. In 
particular, the path of MRW As is sensitive to 
changes in the projected volatility of the underlying 
mix of trading assets. While the underlying mix of 
exposures subject to the market risk rule is assumed 
to remain constant throughout the scenario, some 
elements of MRW As are affected by changes in mar-
ket conditions assumed in supervisory scenarios. For 
example, projected value-at-risk (VaR) calcula-
tions—an important element of MRW As—rise as 
the volatility of the portfolio’s underlying assets 
increases. Similarly, a firm’s incremental risk charge 
and its comprehensive risk measure are affected by 
the volatility of credit products. The remaining cat-
egories of MRW As are assumed to evolve according 
to projections of a BHC’s trading assets. These prop-
erties make the trajectory of MRW As more dynamic 
than credit RW As because both the underlying path 
of trading assets and the volatility associated with 
the portfolio evolve.
61 12 CFR part 217, subparts D and F . The use of the advanced 
approaches for calculating risk-based capital ratios under the 
capital plan and stress test rules has been indefinitely deferred. 
See 80 Fed. Reg. 75,419 and 12 CFR 225.8(d)(8), 252.12(n), 
252.42(m), and 252.52(n).
62 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
63 12 CFR part 217, subpart F .
June 2017 73
Regulatory Capital
The final modeling step translates the projections of 
revenues, expenses, losses, provisions, balances, and 
RW As from the models described above into calcula-
tions of regulatory capital for each BHC under the 
supervisory scenarios. Regulatory capital is calcu-
lated using the definitions of capital in the Board’s 
Regulation Q.
64 Regulatory capital is calculated con-
sistent with the requirements that will be in effect 
during the projected quarter of the planning hori-
zon.
65 The definition of regulatory capital changes 
throughout the planning horizon in accordance with 
the transition arrangements in the revised regulatory 
capital framework.
66
Regulatory capital is calculated incorporating esti-
mates of net income and taxable income based on 
supervisory projections of total losses and revenues. 
After-tax net income is calculated by applying a con-
sistent tax rate to taxable income for all BHCs.
67 The 
consistent tax rate is also used to generate projec-
tions of DTAs from temporary timing differences 
and net operating losses. DTA projections are also 
based on a firm’s starting tax position, including net 
operating loss carrybacks and tax history. Then, a 
valuation allowance is calculated to determine 
whether a BHC will have sufficient taxable income in 
the future to realize its DTAs. Changes in the valua-
tion allowance are factored into after-tax net income. 
Finally, projected after-tax income adjusts for 
income attributable to minority interests.
For DFAST 2017, the quarterly change in CET1 
capital before adjustments and deductions equals 
projected after-tax net income minus capital distribu-
tions (dividends and any other actions that disperse 
equity), plus any issuance or other corporate actions 
that increase equity, plus other changes in equity 
capital such as other comprehensive income, and 
changes incident to business combinations.
68
Projected regulatory capital levels are calculated 
using the applicable revised capital framework to 
incorporate, as appropriate, projected levels of non-
common capital and certain items that are subject to 
adjustment or deduction in capital. Some items, such 
as DV A, goodwill, and intangible assets (other than 
mortgage servicing assets), and components of 
AOCI other than unrealized gains (losses) on AFS 
securities, are assumed to remain constant at their 
starting value over the planning horizon. For other 
items, BHC projections—with supervisory adjust-
ments—were factored into the regulatory capital cal-
culation. Those items include the reported path of 
additional tier 1 and tier 2 capital and significant 
investments in the capital of unconsolidated finan-
cial institutions in the form of common stock. Other 
items subject to deduction, including DTAs and 
mortgage servicing assets, are projected under each 
supervisory scenario. The Federal Reserve also 
includes the effects of certain planned mergers, 
acquisitions, or divestitures in its projections of capi-
tal and the components of capital.
The projections of regulatory capital levels are com-
bined with Federal Reserve projections of total assets 
for the leverage ratio, total assets and off-balance 
sheet exposures for the supplementary leverage ratio, 
and RW As to calculate regulatory capital ratios. The 
risk-based regulatory capital ratios use risk-weighted 
assets calculated under the standardized approach.
69 
Risk-weighted assets and on-balance sheet total 
assets for the leverage ratio are projected based on 
supervisory projections of each firm’s balance sheet. 
Off-balance sheet items are projected based on the 
64 See 12 CFR part 217.
65 See 12 CFR 225.8(e)(2)(i)(A) and 12 CFR 252.56(a)(2).
66 See 12 CFR part 217, subpart G.
67 For a discussion of the effect of changing this tax rate assump-
tion, see Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, 
Dodd-Frank Act Stress Test 2013: Supervisory Stress Test Meth-
odology and Results, (Washington: Board of Governors, 
March 2013), 
www.federalreserve.gov/newsevents/press/bcreg/
dfast_2013_results_20130314.pdf, box 2.
68 The Federal Reserve used the following capital action assump-
tions in projecting post-stress capital levels and ratios: (1) for 
the first quarter of 2017, each company’s actual capital actions 
as of the end of that quarter; and (2) for each quarter from the 
second quarter of 2017 through the first quarter of 2019, each 
company’s projections of capital included (i) common stock 
dividends equal to the quarterly average dollar amount of com-
mon stock dividends that the company paid in the previous 
year (that is, from the second quarter of 2016 through the first 
quarter of 2017) plus common stock dividends attributable to 
issuances related to expensed employee compensation or in 
connection with a planned merger or acquisition to the extent 
that the merger or acquisition is reflected in the covered compa-
ny’s pro forma balance sheet estimates; (ii) payments on any 
other instrument that is eligible for inclusion in the numerator 
of a regulatory capital ratio equal to the stated dividend, inter-
est, or principal due on such instrument during the quarter; (iii) 
an assumption of no redemption or repurchase of any capital 
instrument that is eligible for inclusion in the numerator of a 
regulatory capital ratio; and (iv) an assumption of no issuances 
of common stock or preferred stock, except for issuances 
related to expensed employee compensation or in connection 
with a planned merger or acquisition to the extent that the 
merger or acquisition is reflected in the covered company’s pro 
forma balance sheet estimates. These assumptions are generally 
consistent with the capital action assumptions BHCs are 
required to use in their Dodd-Frank Act company-run stress 
tests. See 12 CFR 252.56(b)(2).
69 See 12 CFR part 217.
74 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
bank-reported off-balance sheet SLR exposure and 
are assumed to grow at the supervisory model-
projected total asset growth rate. The capital ratio 
denominators are adjusted for items subject to 
adjustment or deduction from capital, consistent 
with the projection of each item in the numerator of 
the regulatory capital ratios and the regulatory capi-
tal requirements. Projected capital levels and ratios 
are not adjusted to account for any differences 
between projected and actual performance of the 
BHCs observed at the time the supervisory stress test 
results were being produced in the second quarter of 
2017.
June 2017 75

Appendix C: BHC-Specific Results
Tables begin on next page.
77
Table C.1.A. Ally Financial Inc. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio   9.4   6.5   6.5
  Tier 1 capital ratio  10.9   8.1   8.1
  Total capital ratio  12.6  10.1  10.1
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.5   7.0   7.0
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  6.5  5.2
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.2  2.4
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.1  6.3
    Commercial and industrial
2  2.0  4.3
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.1  2.2
    Credit cards  0.0  0.0
    Other consumer
3  4.1  6.6
    Other loans4  0.0  7.5
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  138.5  150.1
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   5.1   3.0
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   7.7    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.5    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -3.1  -1.8
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
78 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.1.B. Ally Financial Inc. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio   9.4   8.6   8.4
  Tier 1 capital ratio  10.9  10.2  10.1
  Total capital ratio  12.6  12.1  12.0
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.5   8.8   8.8
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  4.5  3.6
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.1  1.4
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.1  4.0
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.4  2.9
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.0  1.2
    Credit cards  0.0  0.0
    Other consumer
3  2.9  4.6
    Other loans4  0.0  4.6
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  138.5  155.0
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  6.3  3.6
  Other revenue3  0.0   
    less
  Provisions  5.3   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)  0.3   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4  0.0   
  Other losses/gains5  0.0   
    equals
  Net income before taxes  0.6  0.4
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  0.0   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  0.0  0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 79
Table C.2.A. American Express Company 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  12.3  10.8  10.6
  Tier 1 capital ratio  13.5  11.9  11.7
  Total capital ratio  15.2  13.6  13.4
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  11.6  10.3  10.3
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   8.9   8.9
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  10.9   9.1
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   0.0   0.0
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   0.0   0.0
    Commercial and industrial
2   4.2  10.2
    Commercial real estate, domestic   0.0   0.0
    Credit cards   6.7   8.6
    Other consumer
3   0.0   0.0
    Other loans4   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  131.0  145.0
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  19.1  11.4
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions  14.3    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   4.8   2.9
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -2.6  -2.8
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
80 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.2.B. American Express Company 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  12.3  12.9  11.7
  Tier 1 capital ratio  13.5  14.0  12.9
  Total capital ratio  15.2  15.6  14.6
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  11.6  11.9  11.0
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a  10.2   9.8
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  8.3  6.9
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.0  0.0
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0  0.0
    Commercial and industrial
2  3.1  7.4
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.0  0.0
    Credit cards  5.2  6.6
    Other consumer
3  0.0  0.0
    Other loans4  0.0  0.0
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  131.0  147.3
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  20.5  12.0
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions  10.6    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   9.9   5.8
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -2.6  -2.8
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 81
Table C.3.A. BancWest Corporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  13.1   9.1   9.1
  Tier 1 capital ratio  13.4   9.5   9.5
  Total capital ratio  15.3  11.6  11.6
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  11.1   7.9   7.9
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  4.7   6.4
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.2   2.3
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.1   3.9
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.5   8.8
    Commercial real estate, domestic  1.4   7.6
    Credit cards  0.1  13.0
    Other consumer
3  1.0   5.6
    Other loans4  0.4   6.6
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  80.1  87.2
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   2.4   2.2
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   5.5    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -3.1  -2.8
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
82 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.3.B. BancWest Corporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  13.1  11.8  11.8
  Tier 1 capital ratio  13.4  12.3  12.3
  Total capital ratio  15.3  14.3  14.3
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  11.1  10.1  10.1
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  2.9   3.8
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.1   1.2
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.1   2.2
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.0   5.7
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.7   3.9
    Credit cards  0.0  10.3
    Other consumer
3  0.6   3.5
    Other loans4  0.3   4.4
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  80.1  90.1
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   3.1   2.8
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   3.2    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -0.1  -0.1
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 83
Table C.4.A. Bank of America Corporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  12.1   8.9   8.9
  Tier 1 capital ratio  13.6  10.5  10.5
  Total capital ratio  16.3  13.2  13.2
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.9   6.8   6.8
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   5.4   5.4
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  45.0   4.6
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   4.1   2.1
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   3.5   5.1
    Commercial and industrial
2  12.1   4.7
    Commercial real estate, domestic   5.9   8.0
    Credit cards  11.7  12.2
    Other consumer
3   1.9   2.2
    Other loans4   5.7   3.0
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  1,399.5  1,505.5
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   40.2   1.7
  Other revenue3   0.8    
    less
  Provisions   48.2    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.9    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   15.7    
  Other losses/gains5   2.7    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -26.4  -1.1
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   4.5    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   -4.5  -1.9
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
84 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.4.B. Bank of America Corporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  12.1  11.1  10.6
  Tier 1 capital ratio  13.6  12.7  12.2
  Total capital ratio  16.3  14.8  14.7
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.9   8.2   8.0
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   6.5   6.3
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  29.1  3.0
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   2.1  1.0
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   2.2  3.1
    Commercial and industrial
2   7.9  3.0
    Commercial real estate, domestic   2.8  3.8
    Credit cards   9.2  9.4
    Other consumer
3   1.3  1.6
    Other loans4   3.6  1.9
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  1,399.5  1,560.7
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  61.5   2.6
  Other revenue3   0.8    
    less
  Provisions  28.1    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.6    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   9.7    
  Other losses/gains5   2.3    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  21.6   0.9
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  -1.9    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -4.5  -8.3
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 85
Table C.5.A. The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  12.3  12.8  11.2
  Tier 1 capital ratio  14.5  15.0  13.4
  Total capital ratio  15.2  15.6  14.1
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   6.6   6.7   6.0
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   6.1   5.5
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  1.7  2.5
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.2  2.2
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0  5.0
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.1  3.4
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.3  7.9
    Credit cards  0.0  0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.3  9.3
    Other loans4  0.8  1.6
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  147.7  158.4
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  10.2   2.9
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   2.0    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.4    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   7.7   2.2
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.4    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -3.2  -3.4
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
86 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.5.B. The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  12.3  13.3  11.0
  Tier 1 capital ratio  14.5  15.4  13.3
  Total capital ratio  15.2  16.0  13.8
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   6.6   6.8   6.0
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   6.2   5.6
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  1.1  1.6
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.1  1.4
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0  3.6
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.1  2.2
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.1  3.7
    Credit cards  0.0  0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.2  7.3
    Other loans4  0.5  1.1
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  147.7  162.8
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  13.0   3.6
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   1.3    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.2    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  11.5   3.2
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  -0.7    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -3.2  -4.4
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 87
Table C.6.A. BB&T Corporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  10.2   7.9   7.9
  Tier 1 capital ratio  12.0   9.5   9.5
  Total capital ratio  14.1  11.7  11.7
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  10.0   7.9   7.9
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  7.1   4.7
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.8   2.5
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.3   3.2
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.5   5.2
    Commercial real estate, domestic  2.3   6.0
    Credit cards  0.3  13.2
    Other consumer
3  1.3   6.3
    Other loans4  0.6   3.4
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  176.1  192.7
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   7.9   3.4
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   8.0    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -0.2  -0.1
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
88 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.6.B. BB&T Corporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  10.2   9.5   9.4
  Tier 1 capital ratio  12.0  11.0  11.0
  Total capital ratio  14.1  12.8  12.8
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  10.0   9.1   9.1
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  4.4   2.9
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.5   1.5
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.2   2.1
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.0   3.7
    Commercial real estate, domestic  1.2   3.0
    Credit cards  0.2  10.0
    Other consumer
3  0.9   4.3
    Other loans4  0.4   2.1
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  176.1  197.4
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  10.0  4.2
  Other revenue3   0.0   
    less
  Provisions   4.7   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0   
  Other losses/gains5   0.0   
    equals
  Net income before taxes   5.2  2.2
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0  0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 89
Table C.7.A. BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.5   7.7   7.7
  Tier 1 capital ratio  11.9   8.0   8.0
  Total capital ratio  14.3  10.5  10.5
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.5   6.3   6.3
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  3.7   5.9
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.4   2.9
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.1   4.8
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.4   7.1
    Commercial real estate, domestic  1.1   8.2
    Credit cards  0.1  16.9
    Other consumer
3  0.3   7.0
    Other loans4  0.2   2.5
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  66.7  71.7
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   1.6   1.8
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   4.0    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -2.4  -2.6
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
90 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.7.B. BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.5  10.1  10.1
  Tier 1 capital ratio  11.9  10.4  10.4
  Total capital ratio  14.3  12.7  12.7
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.5   8.1   8.1
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  2.3   3.6
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.2   1.6
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.1   3.3
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.9   4.9
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.6   4.0
    Credit cards  0.1  13.4
    Other consumer
3  0.3   5.4
    Other loans4  0.1   1.7
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  66.7  73.6
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  2.3  2.4
  Other revenue3  0.0   
    less
  Provisions  2.3   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)  0.0   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4  0.0   
  Other losses/gains5  0.0   
    equals
  Net income before taxes  0.0  0.0
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  0.0   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  0.0  0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 91
Table C.8.A. BMO Financial Corp. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  12.5   8.0   8.0
  Tier 1 capital ratio  12.8   8.7   8.7
  Total capital ratio  15.7  11.7  11.7
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.5   6.4   6.4
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  4.0   5.7
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.2   3.2
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.4  10.4
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.7   5.9
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.7   7.9
    Credit cards  0.1  11.7
    Other consumer
3  0.1   2.4
    Other loans4  0.7   4.9
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  93.3  99.7
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   1.7   1.3
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   4.4    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -2.6  -2.0
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
92 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.8.B. BMO Financial Corp. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  12.5  10.4  10.4
  Tier 1 capital ratio  12.8  11.0  11.0
  Total capital ratio  15.7  13.6  13.6
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.5   8.0   8.0
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  2.6  3.7
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.2  2.1
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.3  8.6
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.1  3.9
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.4  3.9
    Credit cards  0.0  9.0
    Other consumer
3  0.1  1.7
    Other loans4  0.5  3.1
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  93.3  103.4
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   2.7  1.9
  Other revenue3   0.0   
    less
  Provisions   2.7   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0   
  Other losses/gains5   0.0   
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -0.1  0.0
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0  0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 93
Table C.9.A. Capital One Financial Corporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  10.1   7.0   7.0
  Tier 1 capital ratio  11.6   8.4   8.4
  Total capital ratio  14.3  11.6  10.9
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.9   7.3   7.3
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   6.3   6.3
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  31.7  12.2
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   0.2   1.1
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   0.1   7.0
    Commercial and industrial
2   3.1  10.2
    Commercial real estate, domestic   1.6   5.3
    Credit cards  21.7  20.3
    Other consumer
3   4.1   8.1
    Other loans4   0.8   4.3
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  285.8  319.7
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  29.6   7.8
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions  35.4    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.1    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -5.9  -1.6
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  -0.3    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.6  -1.2
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
94 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.9.B. Capital One Financial Corporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  10.1   9.2   8.6
  Tier 1 capital ratio  11.6  10.5  10.0
  Total capital ratio  14.3  13.6  12.4
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.9   8.9   8.7
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   7.7   7.5
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  24.3   9.2
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   0.2   0.8
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   0.1   5.5
    Commercial and industrial
2   2.2   7.1
    Commercial real estate, domestic   0.8   2.4
    Credit cards  17.6  16.2
    Other consumer
3   2.9   5.8
    Other loans4   0.5   2.5
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  285.8  323.8
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  32.6   8.5
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions  26.3    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.1    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   6.1   1.6
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  -0.8    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.6  -1.7
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 95
Table C.10.A. CIT Group Inc. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  14.0  14.5  12.9
  Tier 1 capital ratio  14.0  14.5  12.9
  Total capital ratio  14.8  15.8  14.0
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  13.9  11.9  11.9
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  2.6   8.6
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.1   1.3
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0   2.6
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.4  10.3
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.7  10.9
    Credit cards  0.0   0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.0  12.9
    Other loans4  0.4  11.1
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  64.6  48.7
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   1.6   2.7
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   3.0    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.4    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -1.9  -3.3
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.1  -0.1
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
96 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.10.B. CIT Group Inc. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  14.0  16.9  13.3
  Tier 1 capital ratio  14.0  16.9  13.3
  Total capital ratio  14.8  18.1  14.2
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  13.9  13.9  13.2
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  1.6   5.2
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.0   0.6
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0   1.9
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.0   7.0
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.3   5.0
    Credit cards  0.0   0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.0  10.2
    Other loans4  0.3   7.4
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  64.6  50.7
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   1.9   3.2
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   1.8    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.4    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -0.4  -0.6
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.1  -0.1
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 97
Table C.11.A. Citigroup Inc. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  14.9  10.8   9.7
  Tier 1 capital ratio  15.8  12.3  11.3
  Total capital ratio  19.1  15.4  14.5
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  10.1   7.8   7.3
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   5.9   5.5
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  44.5   6.8
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   2.1   2.6
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   1.4   6.9
    Commercial and industrial
2   8.1   5.1
    Commercial real estate, domestic   1.3   7.8
    Credit cards  21.4  13.7
    Other consumer
3   3.5  12.1
    Other loans4   6.8   3.5
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  1,126.3  1,220.3
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   49.0   2.6
  Other revenue3   0.1    
    less
  Provisions   47.6    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   1.1    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   8.3    
  Other losses/gains5   2.1    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   -9.9   -0.5
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.8    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -29.4  -31.1
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
98 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.11.B. Citigroup Inc. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  14.9  12.6  11.4
  Tier 1 capital ratio  15.8  14.1  13.0
  Total capital ratio  19.1  16.9  16.1
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  10.1   9.0   8.3
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   6.7   6.3
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  32.7   4.9
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   1.1   1.3
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   0.8   3.8
    Commercial and industrial
2   5.9   3.7
    Commercial real estate, domestic   0.6   3.5
    Credit cards  17.0  10.8
    Other consumer
3   2.9   9.9
    Other loans4   4.4   2.2
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  1,126.3  1,263.8
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   63.3   3.3
  Other revenue3   0.1    
    less
  Provisions   32.5    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.6    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   5.6    
  Other losses/gains5   1.9    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   22.8   1.2
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   -2.8    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -29.4  -34.6
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 99
Table C.12.A. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.2   7.7   7.7
  Tier 1 capital ratio  11.4   7.8   7.8
  Total capital ratio  14.0  10.4  10.4
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.9   6.8   6.8
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  5.4   4.8
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.2   1.2
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.7   4.5
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.8   5.5
    Commercial real estate, domestic  1.1   7.9
    Credit cards  0.2  11.9
    Other consumer
3  1.1   4.9
    Other loans4  0.3   3.3
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  123.9  133.5
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   3.2   2.0
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   6.2    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.1    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -3.1  -2.0
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
100 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.12.B. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.2   9.7   9.7
  Tier 1 capital ratio  11.4   9.9   9.9
  Total capital ratio  14.0  12.3  12.3
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.9   8.4   8.4
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  3.6  3.1
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.1  0.6
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.5  3.2
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.2  3.5
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.6  3.9
    Credit cards  0.1  9.3
    Other consumer
3  0.9  3.9
    Other loans4  0.2  2.0
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  123.9  137.4
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  4.3  2.7
  Other revenue3  0.0   
    less
  Provisions  3.9   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)  0.1   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4  0.0   
  Other losses/gains5  0.0   
    equals
  Net income before taxes  0.3  0.2
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  0.0   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  0.0  0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 101
Table C.13.A. Comerica Incorporated 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.1   9.4   9.4
  Tier 1 capital ratio  11.1   9.4   9.4
  Total capital ratio  13.3  11.0  11.0
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  10.2   8.5   8.5
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  2.2  4.2
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.0  2.2
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.1  3.1
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.0  3.5
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.7  6.0
    Credit cards  0.0  0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.1  8.4
    Other loans4  0.3  4.8
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  68.0  72.9
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   1.6   2.1
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   2.0    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -0.4  -0.5
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
102 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.13.B. Comerica Incorporated 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.1  10.7  10.7
  Tier 1 capital ratio  11.1  10.7  10.7
  Total capital ratio  13.3  12.1  12.1
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  10.2   9.5   9.5
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  1.3  2.5
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.0  1.2
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0  1.7
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.6  2.3
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.3  2.8
    Credit cards  0.0  0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.0  7.1
    Other loans4  0.2  2.9
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  68.0  74.9
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  2.2  2.8
  Other revenue3  0.0   
    less
  Provisions  0.9   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)  0.0   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4  0.0   
  Other losses/gains5  0.0   
    equals
  Net income before taxes  1.3  1.6
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  0.0   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  0.0  0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 103
Table C.14.A. Deutsche Bank Trust Corporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  64.4  60.2  60.2
  Tier 1 capital ratio  64.4  60.2  60.2
  Total capital ratio  64.7  61.2  61.2
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  14.6  13.5  13.5
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  0.5  3.7
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.1  2.2
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0  4.7
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.1  4.9
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.2  7.4
    Credit cards  0.0  0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.0  3.7
    Other loans4  0.1  1.8
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  12.1  13.0
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  0.7  1.3
  Other revenue3  0.0   
    less
  Provisions  0.6   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)  0.0   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4  0.0   
  Other losses/gains5  0.0   
    equals
  Net income before taxes  0.2  0.3
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  0.0   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  0.0  0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
104 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.14.B. Deutsche Bank Trust Corporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  64.4  60.7  60.7
  Tier 1 capital ratio  64.4  60.7  60.7
  Total capital ratio  64.7  61.3  61.3
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  14.6  13.4  13.4
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  0.3  2.2
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.1  1.5
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0  3.4
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.1  3.4
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.1  3.3
    Credit cards  0.0  0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.0  3.0
    Other loans4  0.0  1.2
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  12.1  13.3
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  0.9  1.5
  Other revenue3  0.0   
    less
  Provisions  0.3   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)  0.0   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4  0.0   
  Other losses/gains5  0.0   
    equals
  Net income before taxes  0.5  0.9
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  0.0   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  0.0  0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 105
Table C.15.A. Discover Financial Services 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  13.2  10.8  10.4
  Tier 1 capital ratio  13.9  11.4  11.0
  Total capital ratio  15.5  12.8  12.4
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  12.3  10.1  10.0
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  10.5  13.0
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   0.0   2.7
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   0.0   9.4
    Commercial and industrial
2   0.0  13.8
    Commercial real estate, domestic   0.0  15.5
    Credit cards   8.7  13.5
    Other consumer
3   1.8  11.0
    Other loans4   0.0   5.1
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  80.1  87.0
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  13.1  13.5
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions  12.6    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   0.6   0.6
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
106 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.15.B. Discover Financial Services 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  13.2  13.0  12.0
  Tier 1 capital ratio  13.9  13.6  12.7
  Total capital ratio  15.5  15.0  14.2
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  12.3  11.8  11.4
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  8.3  10.2
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.0   1.7
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0   7.6
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.0  10.3
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.0   7.0
    Credit cards  6.8  10.5
    Other consumer
3  1.5   9.3
    Other loans4  0.0   3.1
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  80.1  89.0
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  13.9  14.0
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions  10.0    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   3.9   3.9
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 107
Table C.16.A. Fifth Third Bancorp 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  10.4   8.0   8.0
  Tier 1 capital ratio  11.5   9.0   9.0
  Total capital ratio  15.0  12.0  12.0
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.9   7.7   7.7
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  5.4   5.6
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.5   3.2
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.4   4.9
    Commercial and industrial
2  2.0   5.5
    Commercial real estate, domestic  1.4  11.8
    Credit cards  0.4  16.6
    Other consumer
3  0.4   3.7
    Other loans4  0.4   3.4
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  119.6  130.2
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   4.3   2.9
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   5.6    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.1    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -1.4  -0.9
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
108 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.16.B. Fifth Third Bancorp 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  10.4   9.9   9.8
  Tier 1 capital ratio  11.5  10.8  10.8
  Total capital ratio  15.0  13.4  13.4
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.9   9.2   9.2
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  3.4   3.5
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.4   2.3
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.3   3.7
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.3   3.5
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.7   5.6
    Credit cards  0.3  12.2
    Other consumer
3  0.3   2.7
    Other loans4  0.2   2.1
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  119.6  133.5
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  5.8  3.8
  Other revenue3  0.0   
    less
  Provisions  3.2   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)  0.0   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4  0.0   
  Other losses/gains5  0.1   
    equals
  Net income before taxes  2.5  1.7
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  0.0   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  0.0  0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 109
Table C.17.A. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  14.5   9.4   8.4
  Tier 1 capital ratio  16.6  11.4  10.2
  Total capital ratio  19.8  14.3  13.3
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.4   6.3   5.9
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   4.3   4.1
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  6.2   8.1
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  1.3  52.3
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0   4.5
    Commercial and industrial
2  2.1  11.1
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.3   8.9
    Credit cards  0.0   0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.1   5.5
    Other loans4  2.3   4.7
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  496.7  523.5
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   6.0   0.7
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   6.8    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   18.4    
  Other losses/gains5   3.7    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -22.8  -2.5
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   -1.1  -1.2
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
110 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.17.B. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  14.5  11.5  11.4
  Tier 1 capital ratio  16.6  13.4  13.3
  Total capital ratio  19.8  16.2  16.1
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.4   7.4   7.4
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   5.1   5.1
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  4.4   5.7
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  1.3  49.8
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0   3.2
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.3   7.0
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.2   4.0
    Credit cards  0.0   0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.1   4.4
    Other loans4  1.6   3.1
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  496.7  546.1
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  10.1   1.1
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   4.7    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   9.7    
  Other losses/gains5   2.7    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -7.1  -0.8
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -1.1  -1.2
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 111
Table C.18.A. HSBC North America Holdings Inc. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  17.9  12.9  12.9
  Tier 1 capital ratio  20.1  15.6  15.6
  Total capital ratio  25.3  19.3  19.3
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.6   7.1   7.1
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   5.4   5.4
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  3.9   5.3
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.3   1.5
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.1   3.7
    Commercial and industrial
2  2.4   7.6
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.7   5.9
    Credit cards  0.1  13.5
    Other consumer
3  0.0   7.0
    Other loans4  0.4   3.9
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  139.9  143.0
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  -1.4  -0.5
  Other revenue3   0.8    
    less
  Provisions   4.0    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.6    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -5.2  -1.8
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   1.8    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.7   0.7
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
112 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.18.B. HSBC North America Holdings Inc. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  17.9  13.4  13.4
  Tier 1 capital ratio  20.1  16.0  16.0
  Total capital ratio  25.3  19.2  19.2
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.6   7.2   7.2
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   5.5   5.5
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  2.5   3.3
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.1   0.6
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0   2.3
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.7   5.3
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.3   2.5
    Credit cards  0.1  10.5
    Other consumer
3  0.0   5.7
    Other loans4  0.3   2.4
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  139.9  148.6
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   0.6   0.2
  Other revenue3   0.8    
    less
  Provisions   2.1    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.4    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -1.2  -0.4
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.7  -1.1
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 113
Table C.19.A. Huntington Bancshares Incorporated 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio   9.6   7.0   7.0
  Tier 1 capital ratio  10.9   8.3   8.3
  Total capital ratio  13.1  10.1  10.1
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.7   6.6   6.6
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  3.2   4.6
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.3   2.8
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.3   3.4
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.0   4.8
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.8   7.0
    Credit cards  0.1  13.5
    Other consumer
3  0.6   4.2
    Other loans4  0.2   3.9
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  78.3  84.9
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   2.8   2.7
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   3.5    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.1    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -0.8  -0.8
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
114 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.19.B. Huntington Bancshares Incorporated 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio   9.6   8.6   8.6
  Tier 1 capital ratio  10.9   9.9   9.9
  Total capital ratio  13.1  11.4  11.4
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.7   7.7   7.7
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  2.0   2.9
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.2   1.7
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.2   2.4
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.6   3.1
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.5   3.7
    Credit cards  0.1  10.5
    Other consumer
3  0.4   2.8
    Other loans4  0.1   2.4
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  78.3  86.8
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  3.6  3.3
  Other revenue3  0.0   
    less
  Provisions  2.1   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)  0.1   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4  0.0   
  Other losses/gains5  0.0   
    equals
  Net income before taxes  1.3  1.2
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  0.0   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  0.0  0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 115
Table C.20.A. JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  12.5   9.3   9.1
  Tier 1 capital ratio  14.2  10.9  10.7
  Total capital ratio  16.4  13.3  12.9
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.4   6.4   6.4
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   5.0   5.0
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  54.0   5.7
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   4.1   1.8
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   2.3   4.4
    Commercial and industrial
2  15.9   9.7
    Commercial real estate, domestic   4.3   3.8
    Credit cards  15.7  11.5
    Other consumer
3   3.2   4.3
    Other loans4   8.6   4.7
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  1,465.0  1,596.2
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   66.5   2.5
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   58.8    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.1    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   25.2    
  Other losses/gains5   0.6    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -18.3  -0.7
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   -1.1    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   -0.6  -2.2
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
116 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.20.B. JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  12.5  11.1  10.7
  Tier 1 capital ratio  14.2  12.6  12.3
  Total capital ratio  16.4  14.6  14.3
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.4   7.3   7.2
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   5.7   5.6
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  36.3  3.8
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   2.0  0.9
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   1.4  2.7
    Commercial and industrial
2  10.8  6.5
    Commercial real estate, domestic   2.1  1.9
    Credit cards  12.2  8.8
    Other consumer
3   2.4  3.3
    Other loans4   5.4  2.9
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  1,465.0  1,637.3
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  85.9   3.2
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions  36.3    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.1    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4  12.4    
  Other losses/gains5   0.6    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  36.5   1.4
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  -4.2    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.6  -5.3
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 117
Table C.21.A. KeyCorp 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio   9.5  6.8  6.8
  Tier 1 capital ratio  10.9  7.5  7.5
  Total capital ratio  12.9  9.7  9.7
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.9  6.8  6.8
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  5.4   5.9
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.3   3.3
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.4   3.9
    Commercial and industrial
2  2.0   6.0
    Commercial real estate, domestic  1.8   9.8
    Credit cards  0.1  12.8
    Other consumer
3  0.5   6.9
    Other loans4  0.4   2.8
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  121.7  132.9
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   3.4   2.4
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   6.1    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.1    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -2.8  -1.9
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
118 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.21.B. KeyCorp 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio   9.5   8.6   8.6
  Tier 1 capital ratio  10.9   9.3   9.3
  Total capital ratio  12.9  11.1  11.1
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.9   8.4   8.4
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  3.3   3.6
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.2   2.3
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.3   2.9
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.2   3.7
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.9   4.8
    Credit cards  0.1  10.0
    Other consumer
3  0.4   5.5
    Other loans4  0.3   1.8
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  121.7  135.8
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  4.7  3.2
  Other revenue3  0.0   
    less
  Provisions  3.6   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)  0.0   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4  0.0   
  Other losses/gains5  0.1   
    equals
  Net income before taxes  0.9  0.6
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  0.0   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  0.0  0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 119
Table C.22.A. M&T Bank Corporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  10.7   7.9   7.9
  Tier 1 capital ratio  11.9   9.0   9.0
  Total capital ratio  14.1  11.0  11.0
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  10.0   7.5   7.5
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  5.0   5.4
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  1.0   4.2
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.3   4.3
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.8   4.2
    Commercial real estate, domestic  2.4   7.1
    Credit cards  0.1  13.5
    Other consumer
3  0.4   6.0
    Other loans4  0.2   3.6
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  101.4  110.1
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   4.7   3.6
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   5.5    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.1    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -0.9  -0.7
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
120 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.22.B. M&T Bank Corporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  10.7   9.6   9.5
  Tier 1 capital ratio  11.9  10.7  10.6
  Total capital ratio  14.1  12.3  12.3
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  10.0   8.8   8.8
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  3.1   3.3
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.7   3.0
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.2   3.2
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.6   3.0
    Commercial real estate, domestic  1.2   3.5
    Credit cards  0.0  10.5
    Other consumer
3  0.3   4.1
    Other loans4  0.1   2.2
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  101.4  112.2
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  5.6  4.2
  Other revenue3  0.0   
    less
  Provisions  3.2   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)  0.0   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4  0.0   
  Other losses/gains5  0.1   
    equals
  Net income before taxes  2.3  1.8
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  0.0   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  0.0  0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 121
Table C.23.A. Morgan Stanley 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  17.8  11.1   9.4
  Tier 1 capital ratio  20.0  13.4  11.7
  Total capital ratio  23.2  16.3  14.9
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.4   5.5   4.9
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   4.2   3.8
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  3.6   3.2
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.4   1.6
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0   4.5
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.2  10.4
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.5   5.0
    Credit cards  0.0   0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.1   0.6
    Other loans4  1.4   3.0
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  340.2  359.8
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   4.9   0.6
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   4.5    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   9.5    
  Other losses/gains5   4.7    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -13.8  -1.6
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.7    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   -2.2  -1.9
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
122 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.23.B. Morgan Stanley 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  17.8  13.9  13.2
  Tier 1 capital ratio  20.0  16.1  15.6
  Total capital ratio  23.2  18.8  18.5
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.4   6.6   6.4
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   5.0   4.9
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  2.3  2.0
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.2  0.9
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0  3.2
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.8  6.9
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.2  2.1
    Credit cards  0.0  0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.1  0.6
    Other loans4  0.9  1.9
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  340.2  372.8
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   9.4   1.1
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   2.7    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   4.8    
  Other losses/gains5   3.7    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -1.9  -0.2
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  -0.2    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -2.2  -2.8
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 123
Table C.24.A. MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  14.8  12.5  12.5
  Tier 1 capital ratio  14.8  12.5  12.5
  Total capital ratio  16.4  14.1  14.1
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.9   8.2   8.2
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  3.9   4.8
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.6   1.9
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.1   3.4
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.4   7.2
    Commercial real estate, domestic  1.3   7.5
    Credit cards  0.0  13.5
    Other consumer
3  0.1  12.9
    Other loans4  0.3   3.5
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  99.9  107.9
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   2.8   1.8
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   4.4    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.3    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -1.9  -1.2
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
124 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.24.B. MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  14.8  14.4  14.3
  Tier 1 capital ratio  14.8  14.4  14.3
  Total capital ratio  16.4  15.5  15.5
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.9   9.4   9.4
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  2.1   2.6
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.3   0.8
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0   1.5
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.9   4.5
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.6   3.5
    Credit cards  0.0  10.5
    Other consumer
3  0.1  10.2
    Other loans4  0.2   2.1
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  99.9  110.7
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  3.8  2.4
  Other revenue3  0.0   
    less
  Provisions  2.1   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)  0.0   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4  0.0   
  Other losses/gains5  0.3   
    equals
  Net income before taxes  1.3  0.8
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  0.0   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  0.0  0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 125
Table C.25.A. Northern Trust Corporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.8  11.0  10.9
  Tier 1 capital ratio  12.9  12.1  12.1
  Total capital ratio  14.5  13.7  13.7
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.0   7.4   7.4
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   6.2   6.2
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  1.5   4.4
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.1   1.7
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.1   7.2
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.3   4.2
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.3   7.3
    Credit cards  0.0   0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.0  13.8
    Other loans4  0.6   4.2
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  72.0  77.5
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   3.1   2.4
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   1.9    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   1.2   0.9
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.2    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.2  -0.2
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
126 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.25.B. Northern Trust Corporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.8  11.8  11.4
  Tier 1 capital ratio  12.9  12.9  12.5
  Total capital ratio  14.5  14.2  14.1
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.0   7.7   7.6
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   6.6   6.5
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  0.9   2.5
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.1   0.9
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.1   4.7
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.2   2.6
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.2   3.4
    Credit cards  0.0   0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.0  11.1
    Other loans4  0.4   2.6
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  72.0  79.5
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   3.9   2.9
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   1.1    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   2.8   2.1
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.2  -0.4
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 127
Table C.26.A. The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  10.6   8.3   8.0
  Tier 1 capital ratio  12.0   9.5   9.3
  Total capital ratio  14.3  11.4  11.4
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  10.1   8.1   8.0
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   6.8   6.7
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  9.3   4.3
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.4   1.7
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.4   2.0
    Commercial and industrial
2  4.3   5.8
    Commercial real estate, domestic  2.3   6.1
    Credit cards  0.6  12.6
    Other consumer
3  0.7   3.2
    Other loans4  0.6   1.8
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  300.5  329.0
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  12.2   3.2
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   9.9    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.1    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.3    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   1.9   0.5
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  -0.5    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.4  -1.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
128 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.26.B. The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  10.6   9.5   9.0
  Tier 1 capital ratio  12.0  10.6  10.2
  Total capital ratio  14.3  12.2  12.1
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  10.1   8.9   8.7
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   7.5   7.3
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  5.8  2.6
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.2  0.9
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.2  1.1
    Commercial and industrial
2  2.9  3.8
    Commercial real estate, domestic  1.1  2.8
    Credit cards  0.5  9.5
    Other consumer
3  0.6  2.5
    Other loans4  0.4  1.1
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  300.5  339.0
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  15.7   4.0
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   5.6    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.1    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.3    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   9.7   2.5
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  -1.3    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.4  -1.8
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 129
Table C.27.A. Regions Financial Corporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.2   8.2   8.2
  Tier 1 capital ratio  12.0   8.9   8.9
  Total capital ratio  14.2  11.0  11.0
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  10.2   7.5   7.5
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  5.1   6.1
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.5   3.2
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.4   4.9
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.7   7.2
    Commercial real estate, domestic  1.5  10.4
    Credit cards  0.2  15.2
    Other consumer
3  0.4   7.1
    Other loans4  0.4   2.7
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  102.5  110.6
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   3.8   2.9
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   5.6    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -1.8  -1.4
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
130 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.27.B. Regions Financial Corporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.2  10.1  10.1
  Tier 1 capital ratio  12.0  10.8  10.8
  Total capital ratio  14.2  12.6  12.6
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  10.2   9.0   9.0
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  3.3   3.9
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.3   2.0
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.3   3.6
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.1   4.7
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.8   5.5
    Credit cards  0.1  11.5
    Other consumer
3  0.4   5.6
    Other loans4  0.2   1.7
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  102.5  113.2
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  4.8  3.5
  Other revenue3  0.0   
    less
  Provisions  3.3   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)  0.0   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4  0.0   
  Other losses/gains5  0.0   
    equals
  Net income before taxes  1.4  1.0
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  0.0   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  0.0  0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 131
Table C.28.A. Santander Holdings USA, Inc. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  14.5  12.4  12.4
  Tier 1 capital ratio  16.1  13.6  13.6
  Total capital ratio  18.0  15.3  15.3
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  12.5  10.5  10.5
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  8.1   9.1
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.2   2.7
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.2   3.7
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.8   4.0
    Commercial real estate, domestic  1.0   5.7
    Credit cards  0.1  13.2
    Other consumer
3  4.9  17.5
    Other loans4  0.8  10.0
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  104.3  113.7
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   7.0   4.8
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   7.0    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.2    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -0.2  -0.1
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
132 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.28.B. Santander Holdings USA, Inc. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  14.5  15.9  14.3
  Tier 1 capital ratio  16.1  17.3  15.9
  Total capital ratio  18.0  19.0  17.8
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  12.5  13.4  12.2
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  5.6   6.2
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.1   1.7
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.2   2.6
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.5   2.7
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.5   2.8
    Credit cards  0.1  10.5
    Other consumer
3  3.6  12.6
    Other loans4  0.6   6.7
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  104.3  117.7
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  8.0  5.4
  Other revenue3  0.0   
    less
  Provisions  3.8   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)  0.0   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4  0.0   
  Other losses/gains5  0.1   
    equals
  Net income before taxes  4.1  2.8
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  0.0   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  0.0  0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 133
Table C.29.A. State Street Corporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.6   8.7   7.4
  Tier 1 capital ratio  14.7  11.6  10.4
  Total capital ratio  16.0  12.6  11.5
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   6.5   5.1   4.6
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   4.6   4.2
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  0.6  3.1
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.0  0.0
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0  0.0
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.2  6.2
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.0  6.6
    Credit cards  0.0  0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.0  0.6
    Other loans4  0.4  2.5
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  99.9  106.9
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   4.2   1.6
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   0.8    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.4    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.9    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   2.1   0.8
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  -1.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -1.9  -3.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
134 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.29.B. State Street Corporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.6   9.9   8.6
  Tier 1 capital ratio  14.7  12.8  11.6
  Total capital ratio  16.0  13.7  12.7
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   6.5   5.5   5.1
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   5.0   4.6
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  0.4  2.1
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.0  0.0
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0  0.0
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.1  3.7
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.0  2.9
    Credit cards  0.0  0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.0  0.6
    Other loans4  0.3  1.8
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  99.9  109.4
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   6.1   2.3
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   0.5    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.2    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.5    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   4.8   1.9
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  -1.2    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -1.9  -3.3
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 135
Table C.30.A. SunTrust Banks, Inc. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio   9.6  7.1  7.1
  Tier 1 capital ratio  10.3  7.7  7.7
  Total capital ratio  12.3  9.8  9.8
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.2  7.0  7.0
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  6.7   4.5
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.8   2.9
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.5   4.4
    Commercial and industrial
2  2.2   4.7
    Commercial real estate, domestic  1.3   6.9
    Credit cards  0.2  14.1
    Other consumer
3  1.3   4.9
    Other loans4  0.3   2.1
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  176.8  194.5
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   5.7   2.6
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   7.4    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   1.1    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -2.8  -1.3
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
136 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.30.B. SunTrust Banks, Inc. 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio   9.6   8.6   8.5
  Tier 1 capital ratio  10.3   9.2   9.1
  Total capital ratio  12.3  10.9  10.9
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.2   8.2   8.2
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  4.2   2.8
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.5   1.7
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.4   3.1
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.4   2.9
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.6   3.3
    Credit cards  0.2  10.5
    Other consumer
3  1.0   3.7
    Other loans4  0.2   1.3
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  176.8  199.2
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  7.8  3.6
  Other revenue3  0.0   
    less
  Provisions  4.3   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)  0.0   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4  0.0   
  Other losses/gains5  0.8   
    equals
  Net income before taxes  2.7  1.2
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  0.0   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  0.0  0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 137
Table C.31.A. TD Group US Holdings LLC 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  13.6  11.9  11.3
  Tier 1 capital ratio  13.7  11.9  11.3
  Total capital ratio  14.8  13.1  12.7
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   7.8   6.6   6.4
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   6.0   5.8
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  8.8   5.5
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.7   2.7
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.5   5.1
    Commercial and industrial
2  2.1   5.8
    Commercial real estate, domestic  1.8   6.7
    Credit cards  2.3  18.9
    Other consumer
3  0.6   2.5
    Other loans4  0.8   3.2
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  188.7  218.4
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   6.7   1.7
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   9.5    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -2.8  -0.7
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  -0.8    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0  -0.8
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
138 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.31.B. TD Group US Holdings LLC 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  13.6  13.9  13.2
  Tier 1 capital ratio  13.7  13.9  13.2
  Total capital ratio  14.8  14.8  14.3
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   7.8   7.6   7.4
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   7.0   6.8
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  5.9   3.6
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.5   1.8
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.4   3.9
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.3   3.7
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.9   3.3
    Credit cards  1.8  15.2
    Other consumer
3  0.4   1.7
    Other loans4  0.5   2.0
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  188.7  223.8
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   9.0   2.3
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   5.9    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   3.1   0.8
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  -0.7    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0  -0.7
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 139
Table C.32.A. U.S. Bancorp 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio   9.4   7.6   7.6
  Tier 1 capital ratio  11.0   9.0   9.0
  Total capital ratio  13.2  11.0  11.0
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.0   7.4   7.4
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   6.0   6.0
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  17.9   6.3
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   1.0   1.7
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   0.8   4.6
    Commercial and industrial
2   5.9   7.9
    Commercial real estate, domestic   4.0   9.7
    Credit cards   3.4  15.2
    Other consumer
3   1.4   3.6
    Other loans4   1.3   4.9
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  358.2  392.5
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  20.8   4.4
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions  19.4    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.1    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   1.3   0.3
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   1.1    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -1.0  -0.5
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
140 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.32.B. U.S. Bancorp 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio   9.4   9.0   8.7
  Tier 1 capital ratio  11.0  10.4  10.1
  Total capital ratio  13.2  12.1  12.0
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.0   8.4   8.3
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   6.8   6.7
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  11.6   4.0
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   0.5   0.9
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   0.5   3.0
    Commercial and industrial
2   4.0   5.3
    Commercial real estate, domestic   1.9   4.7
    Credit cards   2.7  11.9
    Other consumer
3   1.0   2.6
    Other loans4   0.8   3.2
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  358.2  402.7
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  25.1   5.2
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions  11.8    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  13.3   2.8
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  -0.2    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -1.0  -1.8
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 141
Table C.33.A. Wells Fargo & Company 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.1   8.8   8.6
  Tier 1 capital ratio  12.8  10.4  10.2
  Total capital ratio  16.1  13.4  13.4
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.9   7.2   7.2
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   6.2   6.1
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  50.4   5.0
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   4.9   1.8
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   2.8   4.3
    Commercial and industrial
2  12.4   6.4
    Commercial real estate, domestic  11.4   7.7
    Credit cards   5.9  15.3
    Other consumer
3   6.8   6.9
    Other loans4   6.4   3.4
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  1,336.2  1,456.4
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  71.2   3.5
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions  55.9    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   1.6    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   7.7    
  Other losses/gains5   1.1    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   4.8   0.2
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  -3.5    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -2.0  -6.8
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
142 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.33.B. Wells Fargo & Company 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.1  10.5   9.9
  Tier 1 capital ratio  12.8  12.0  11.4
  Total capital ratio  16.1  14.7  14.5
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.9   8.3   8.0
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   7.1   6.8
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  31.1   3.1
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   2.2   0.8
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   1.5   2.3
    Commercial and industrial
2   8.3   4.2
    Commercial real estate, domestic   5.3   3.5
    Credit cards   4.7  12.0
    Other consumer
3   5.2   5.2
    Other loans4   3.9   2.1
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  1,336.2  1,491.0
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  90.4   4.4
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions  31.7    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.7    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   3.4    
  Other losses/gains5   0.9    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  53.8   2.6
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  -6.9    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -2.0  -10.1
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 143
Table C.34.A. Zions Bancorporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  12.1   8.5   8.5
  Tier 1 capital ratio  13.5   9.9   9.9
  Total capital ratio  15.2  11.5  11.5
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  11.1   8.1   8.1
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  2.9   6.4
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.0   0.6
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.1   2.6
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.0   8.6
    Commercial real estate, domestic  1.4   7.3
    Credit cards  0.0  13.5
    Other consumer
3  0.0   9.5
    Other loans4  0.2   7.5
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  49.9  54.4
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2   1.7   2.5
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   3.0    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -1.4  -2.1
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
144 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Table C.34.B. Zions Bancorporation 
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before 
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2017:Q1–2019:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual 
2016:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  12.1  11.0  11.0
  Tier 1 capital ratio  13.5  12.3  12.3
  Total capital ratio  15.2  13.7  13.7
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  11.1   9.9   9.9
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a   
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided 
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These 
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome 
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios, other than the 
supplementary leverage ratio, are for the period 2017:Q1 to 2019:Q1. The 
minimum supplementary leverage ratio is for the period 2018:Q1 to 2019:Q1. 
Supplementary leverage ratio projections only include estimates for firms 
subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
  
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2017:Q1–2019:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of 
dollars
 Portfolio loss 
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  1.7   3.7
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.0   0.3
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0   1.4
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.7   5.8
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.7   3.6
    Credit cards  0.0  10.5
    Other consumer
3  0.0   7.3
    Other loans4  0.2   4.6
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held 
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are 
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans 
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2016:Q4 and projected 
2019:Q1 
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual 2016:Q4  Projected 
2019:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  49.9  55.2
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board's 
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes 
through 2019:Q1
 Item  Billions of 
dollars
 Percent of 
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue2  2.2  3.2
  Other revenue3  0.0   
    less
  Provisions  1.6   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)  0.0   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4  0.0   
  Other losses/gains5  0.0   
    equals
  Net income before taxes  0.5  0.8
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  0.0   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2016:Q4  2019:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  0.0  0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and 
other real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in 
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation 
adjustments (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default 
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase 
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale 
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and 
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches 
BHCs, and other BHCs that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of 
AOCI.
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in 
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 80 percent 
included in projected regulatory capital for 2017 and 100 percent included in 
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2017 145

Appendix D: Additional Aggregate Results
Figure D.1. First-lien mortgages domestic loss rates in the severely adverse scenario
0.0 1.0 2.0 3.0 4.0 5.0 
Zions
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
TD Group 
SunTrust 
State Street
Santander
Regions
PNC 
Northern Trust 
MUFG Americas 
Morgan Stanley
M&T 
KeyCorp
JPMorgan Chase 
Huntington
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
Fifth Third 
Discover 
DBTC 
Comerica 
Citizens
Citigroup
CIT
Capital One 
BMO
BBVA 
BB&T
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
BancWest 
American Express 
Ally
Percent 
Median = 2.2%
52.3
Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
147
Figure D.2. Junior liens and HELOCs domestic loss rates in the severely adverse scenario
0.0 2.0 4.0 6.0 8.0 10.0 12.0 
Zions
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
TD Group 
SunTrust 
State Street
Santander
Regions
PNC 
Northern Trust 
MUFG Americas 
Morgan Stanley
M&T 
KeyCorp
JPMorgan Chase 
Huntington
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
Fifth Third 
Discover 
DBTC 
Comerica 
Citizens
Citigroup
CIT
Capital One 
BMO
BBVA 
BB&T
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
BancWest 
American Express 
Ally
Percent 
Median = 4.5%
Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
148 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Figure D.3. Commercial and industrial loss rates in the severely adverse scenario
0.0 3.0 6.0 9.0 12.0 15.0 
Zions
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
TD Group 
SunTrust 
State Street
Santander
Regions
PNC 
Northern Trust 
MUFG Americas 
Morgan Stanley
M&T 
KeyCorp
JPMorgan Chase 
Huntington
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
Fifth Third 
Discover 
DBTC 
Comerica 
Citizens
Citigroup
CIT
Capital One 
BMO
BBVA 
BB&T
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
BancWest 
American Express 
Ally
Percent 
Median = 6.0%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 as a percent of average balances. Losses are calculated based on the exposure at default, which 
includes both outstanding balances and any additional drawdown of the credit line that occurs prior to default, while loss rates are calculated as a percent of outstanding 
balances.
June 2017 149
Figure D.4. Commercial real estate domestic loss rates in the severely adverse scenario
0.0 5.0 10.0 15.0 20.0 
Zions
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
TD Group 
SunTrust 
State Street
Santander
Regions
PNC 
Northern Trust 
MUFG Americas 
Morgan Stanley
M&T 
KeyCorp
JPMorgan Chase 
Huntington
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
Fifth Third 
Discover 
DBTC 
Comerica 
Citizens
Citigroup
CIT
Capital One 
BMO
BBVA 
BB&T
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
BancWest 
American Express 
Ally
Percent 
Median = 7.4%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
150 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Figure D.5. Credit card loss rates in the severely adverse scenario
0.0 5.0 10.0 15.0 20.0 
Zions
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
TD Group 
SunTrust 
State Street
Santander
Regions
PNC 
Northern Trust 
MUFG Americas 
Morgan Stanley
M&T 
KeyCorp
JPMorgan Chase 
Huntington
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
Fifth Third 
Discover 
DBTC 
Comerica 
Citizens
Citigroup
CIT
Capital One 
BMO
BBVA 
BB&T
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
BancWest 
American Express 
Ally
Percent 
Median = 13.5%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
June 2017 151
Figure D.6. Other consumer loss rates in the severely adverse scenario
0.0 5.0 10.0 15.0 20.0 
Zions
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
TD Group 
SunTrust 
State Street
Santander
Regions
PNC 
Northern Trust 
MUFG Americas 
Morgan Stanley
M&T 
KeyCorp
JPMorgan Chase 
Huntington
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
Fifth Third 
Discover 
DBTC 
Comerica 
Citizens
Citigroup
CIT
Capital One 
BMO
BBVA 
BB&T
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
BancWest 
American Express 
Ally
Percent 
Median = 6.3%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
152 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Figure D.7. Other loans loss rates in the severely adverse scenario
0.0 2.0 4.0 6.0 8.0 10.0 12.0 
Zions
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
TD Group 
SunTrust 
State Street
Santander
Regions
PNC 
Northern Trust 
MUFG Americas 
Morgan Stanley
M&T 
KeyCorp
JPMorgan Chase 
Huntington
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
Fifth Third 
Discover 
DBTC 
Comerica 
Citizens
Citigroup
CIT
Capital One 
BMO
BBVA 
BB&T
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
BancWest 
American Express 
Ally
Percent 
Median = 3.5%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
June 2017 153
Figure D.8. First-lien mortgages domestic loss rates in the adverse scenario
Percent 
Median = 1.4%
0.0 0.5 1.0 1.5 2.0 2.5 3.0 3.5 
Zions
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
TD Group 
SunTrust 
State Street 
Santander
Regions 
PNC 
Northern Trust 
MUFG Americas 
Morgan Stanley 
M&T 
KeyCorp
JPMorgan Chase 
Huntington 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
Fifth Third 
Discover 
DBTC 
Comerica 
Citizens 
Citigroup 
CIT
Capital One 
BMO
BBVA 
BB&T
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
Bancwest 
American Express 
Ally
49.8
Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
154 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Figure D.9. Junior liens and HELOCs domestic loss rates in the adverse scenario
0.0 2.0 4.0 6.0 8.0 10.0 
Zions
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
TD Group 
SunTrust 
State Street
Santander
Regions
PNC 
Northern Trust 
MUFG Americas 
Morgan Stanley
M&T 
KeyCorp
JPMorgan Chase 
Huntington
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
Fifth Third 
Discover 
DBTC 
Comerica 
Citizens
Citigroup
CIT
Capital One 
BMO
BBVA 
BB&T
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
BancWest 
American Express 
Ally
Percent 
Median = 3.1%
Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
June 2017 155
Figure D.10. Commercial and industrial loss rates in the adverse scenario
0.0 2.0 4.0 6.0 8.0 10.0 12.0 
Zions
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
TD Group 
SunTrust 
State Street
Santander
Regions
PNC 
Northern Trust 
MUFG Americas 
Morgan Stanley
M&T 
KeyCorp
JPMorgan Chase 
Huntington
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
Fifth Third 
Discover 
DBTC 
Comerica 
Citizens
Citigroup
CIT
Capital One 
BMO
BBVA 
BB&T
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
BancWest 
American Express 
Ally
Percent 
Median = 3.8%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 as a percent of average balances. Losses are calculated based on the exposure at default, which 
includes both outstanding balances and any additional drawdown of the credit line that occurs prior to default, while loss rates are calculated as a percent of outstanding 
balances.
156 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Figure D.11. Commercial real estate domestic loss rates in the adverse scenario
0.0 1.0 2.0 3.0 4.0 5.0 6.0 7.0 8.0 
Zions
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
TD Group 
SunTrust 
State Street
Santander
Regions
PNC 
Northern Trust 
MUFG Americas 
Morgan Stanley
M&T 
KeyCorp
JPMorgan Chase 
Huntington
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
Fifth Third 
Discover 
DBTC 
Comerica 
Citizens
Citigroup
CIT
Capital One 
BMO
BBVA 
BB&T
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
BancWest 
American Express 
Ally
Percent 
Median = 3.5%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
June 2017 157
Figure D.12. Credit card loss rates in the adverse scenario
0.0 5.0 10.0 15.0 20.0 
Zions
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
TD Group 
SunTrust 
State Street
Santander
Regions
PNC 
Northern Trust 
MUFG Americas 
Morgan Stanley
M&T 
KeyCorp
JPMorgan Chase 
Huntington
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
Fifth Third 
Discover 
DBTC 
Comerica 
Citizens
Citigroup
CIT
Capital One 
BMO
BBVA 
BB&T
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
BancWest 
American Express 
Ally
Percent 
Median = 10.5%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
158 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results
Figure D.13. Other consumer loss rates in the adverse scenario
0.0 3.0 6.0 9.0 12.0 15.0 
Zions
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
TD Group 
SunTrust 
State Street
Santander
Regions
PNC 
Northern Trust 
MUFG Americas 
Morgan Stanley
M&T 
KeyCorp
JPMorgan Chase 
Huntington
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
Fifth Third 
Discover 
DBTC 
Comerica 
Citizens
Citigroup
CIT
Capital One 
BMO
BBVA 
BB&T
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
BancWest 
American Express 
Ally
Percent 
Median = 4.4%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
June 2017 159
Figure D.14. Other loans loss rates in the adverse scenario
0.0 1.0 2.0 3.0 4.0 5.0 6.0 7.0 8.0 
Zions
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
TD Group 
SunTrust 
State Street
Santander
Regions
PNC 
Northern Trust 
MUFG Americas 
Morgan Stanley
M&T 
KeyCorp
JPMorgan Chase 
Huntington
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
Fifth Third 
Discover 
DBTC 
Comerica 
Citizens
Citigroup
CIT
Capital One 
BMO
BBVA 
BB&T
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
BancWest 
American Express 
Ally
Percent 
Median = 2.2%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2017:Q1–2019:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
160 Supervisory Stress Test Methodology and Results

0617
www.federalreserve.gov
       