Proposed 2026 Stress Test ScenariosOctober 2025
BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM
The Federal Reserve System is the centralbank of the United States. It performs five keyfunctions to promote the effective operationof the U.S. economy and, more generally, thepublic interest.The Federal Reserve■conducts the nation’s monetary policyto promote maximum employmentand stable prices in the U.S. economy;■promotes the stability of the financial systemand seeks to minimizeand contain systemic risks through active monitoring and engagement inthe U.S. and abroad;■promotes the safety and soundness of individual financial institutionsand monitors their impact on the financial system as a whole;■fosters payment and settlement system safety and efficiencythroughservices to the banking industry and U.S. government that facilitateU.S.-dollar transactions and payments; and■promotes consumer protection and community developmentthroughconsumer-focused supervision and examination, research and analysis ofemerging consumer issues and trends, community economic developmentactivities, and administration of consumer laws and regulations.To learn more about us, visit www.federalreserve.gov/aboutthefed.htm.
ContentsPreface..............................................................................................................................iiiRequest for Comment.....................................................................................................vComment Submission........................................................................................................vComment Deadline.............................................................................................................vContact for Further Information............................................................................................vExecutive Summary.........................................................................................................1Supervisory Stress Test Scenarios...............................................................................3Baseline and Severely Adverse Scenarios............................................................................4Global Market Shock Component for the Supervisory Severely Adverse Scenario..................15Counterparty Default Component of the Supervisory Severely Adverse Scenario...................18Variables for the Supervisory Scenarios....................................................................20Notes Regarding Scenario Variables..................................................................................30
i

PrefaceThe Federal Reserve promotes a safe, sound, and efficient banking system that supports theU.S. economy through its supervision and regulation of domestic and foreign banks.As part of its supervision efforts and as required by the Dodd Frank Act, the Federal Reserveannually conducts a stress test.1The stress test assesses how large banks are likely to performunder hypothetical economic conditions.2The Federal Reserve conducts stress tests to help ensure that large banks are sufficiently capital-ized and able to lend to households and businesses even in a severe recession. They evaluate thefinancial resilience of banks by estimating losses, revenues, expenses, and resulting capital levelsunder hypothetical economic conditions.As part of the annual supervisory stress test cycle, the Federal Reserve publishes fourdocuments:•Stress Test Scenariosdescribes the hypothetical economic conditions used in the supervisorystress test. The Stress Test Scenariosdocument is typically published by mid-February.•Stress Test Methodologyprovides details about the models and methodologies used in thesupervisory stress test. The Supervisory Stress Test Methodologydocument is typically pub-lished at the end of the first quarter.•Federal Reserve Stress Test Resultsreports the aggregate and individual bank results of thesupervisory stress test, which assesses whether banks are sufficiently capitalized to absorblosses during a hypothetical severe recession. The Federal Reserve Stress Test Resultsdocu-ment is typically published at the end of the second quarter.•Large Bank Capital Requirementsannounces the individual capital requirement for all largebanks, which are partially informed by the results of a supervisory stress test. The Large BankCapital Requirementsdocument is typically published during the third quarter.These publications can be found on the Stress Test Publications page (https://www.federalreserve.gov/publications/dodd-frank-act-stress-test-publications.htm).
1For more information, see 12 U.S.C. § 5365(i)(1)(A).2U.S. bank holding companies (BHCs), covered savings and loan holding companies (SLHCs), and intermediate holdingcompanies of foreign banking organizations (IHCs) with $100 billion or more in assets are subject to the FederalReserve Board’s supervisory stress test rules (12 CFR pt. 238, subpt. O; 12 CFR pt. 252, subpt. E) and capital planningrequirements (12 CFR § 225.8; 12 CFR § 238.170).
iii
For information on the Federal Reserve’s supervision of large financial institutions, seehttps://www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg/large-financial-institutions.htm.For information on the Federal Reserve’s supervision of capital-planning processes of banks, seehttps://www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg/stress-tests-capital-planning.htm.For more information on how the Board promotes the safety and soundness of the bankingsystem, see https://www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg.htm.This proposed 2026 scenario includes a request for comment from the public on all aspects ofthe proposed scenario, including the substantive components of the proposed scenario, as well asthe format and contents of this proposal, and the timing of the public comment period. The Boardrequests that interested parties submit comments to the Board by December 1, 2025, asdescribed in the “Request for Comment” section of this document. The effective date of the 2026stress test for firms’ balance sheet and income statement data will be December 31.
ivProposed 2026 Stress Test Scenarios
Request for CommentTo enhance the transparency of the annual stress tests and to seek public feedback, the Board isinviting comment on the proposed stress test scenarios for the 2026 supervisory stress test asdescribed in this document. These proposed scenarios, as well as supporting models and data,are available on the Board’s website at https://www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg/dfa-stress-tests-2026.htm.Comment SubmissionYou may submit comments by any of the following methods:•Agency website:https://www.federalreserve.gov/apps/proposals/. Follow the instructions forsubmitting comments, including attachments. Preferred method.•Mail:Ann E. Misback, Secretary, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System,20th Street and Constitution Avenue NW, Washington, DC 20551. •Hand delivery/courier:Same as mailing address. •Other means:publiccomments@frb.gov. You must include the docket number in the subject lineof the message.Comments received are subject to public disclosure. In general, comments received will be madeavailable on the Board’s website at https://www.federalreserve.gov/apps/proposals/ withoutchange and will not be modified to remove personal or business information, including confiden-tial, contact, or other identifying information. Comments should not include any information suchas confidential information that would be not appropriate for public disclosure. Public commentsmay also be viewed electronically or in person in Room M–4365A, 2001 C St. NW, Washington,DC 20551, between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. eastern time during federal business weekdays.Comment DeadlineThe Board requests that interested parties submit comments on or before December 1, 2025.Contact for Further InformationDivision of Supervision and Regulation: Doriana Ruffino, Assistant Director, (202) 452-5235;Hillel Kipnis, Assistant Director, (202) 452-2924; and John Simone, Lead Financial InstitutionPolicy Analyst, (202) 245-4256. Division of Financial Stability: William Bassett, Senior AssociateDirector, (202) 736-5644; Bora Durdu, Deputy Associate Director, (202) 452-3755;
v
Elena Afanasyeva, Principal Economist, (202) 736-1971; Levent Altinoglu, Principal Economist,(202) 721-4503; and Sam Jerow, Financial Analyst, (202) 245-4299. Legal Division: Asad Kudiya,Deputy Associate General Counsel, (202) 360-6887; Julie Anthony, Senior Special Counsel,(202) 658-9400; Brian Kesten, Senior Counsel (202) 843-4079; and Tara Hofbauer, SeniorAttorney (202) 680-2503. For users of TDD-TYY, please call 711 from any telephone, anywherein the United States. Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, 20th Street andConstitution Avenue NW, Washington, DC 20551.
viProposed 2026 Stress Test Scenarios
Executive SummaryThe Federal Reserve’s supervisory stress tests help ensure that large banks are able to lend tohouseholds and businesses even in a severe recession. The stress tests evaluate the financialresilience of large banks by estimating bank losses, revenues, expenses, and resulting capitallevels—which provide a cushion against losses—under hypothetical recession scenarios into thefuture.3The Federal Reserve uses the results of a stress test, in part, to set large bank capitalrequirements.The proposed 2026 severely adverse scenario is informed by the analysis supporting the Board’sproposed update (the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement) to its 2019 Policy State-ment on the Scenario Design Framework for Stress Testing (the 2019 Scenario Design PolicyStatement).4The Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement makes the design of thesupervisory severely adverse scenario more transparent by narrowing the ranges of potentialvalues for certain variables through proposed additional guides. The 2026 scenario reflects threeenhancements to scenario design, as set forth in the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design PolicyStatement, that are intended to describe more clearly to the public how the Board determines thetrajectory of variables within the macroeconomic scenario.First, the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement expands the number and scope ofguides used for certain scenario variables. The Board proposes to enhance the two existingguides, already outlined in the 2019 Scenario Design Policy Statement, for the unemployment rateand house price scenario variables, and the proposal describes newly developed guides for addi-tional domestic and international scenario variables. The proposed 2026 severely adverse sce-nario is consistent with the guides in the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement.Second, the Board is publishing a new, small-scale macroeconomic model of the U.S. economythat will be used for Stress Testing (hereafter, the “macro model for Stress Testing”), which isdescribed in detail on the Board’s website.5The model will be used to determine the values ofgross domestic product (GDP), per capita disposable personal income (DPI), inflation, and certainparts of the trajectory of interest rates that are internally consistent with the guide-based changein unemployment and other factors described in the model documentation. This new model is set3As noted, BHCs, SLHCs, and IHCs with $100 billion or more in assets are subject to the Board’s supervisory stress testrule (12 CFR pt. 238, subpt. O; 12 CFR pt. 252, subpt. E) and capital planning requirements (12 CFR § 225.8; 12 CFR§ 238.170). In addition, certain BHCs, SLHCs, IHCs, and state member banks must comply with the Board’scompany-run stress test rules (12 CFR pt. 238, subpt. P; and 12 CFR pt. 252, subpts. B and F).4Amendments to Policy Statement on the Scenario Design Framework for Stress Testing, 84 Fed. Reg. 6,651 (February28, 2019), available at https://www.federalregister.gov/d/2019-03504.5See https://www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg/dfa-stress-tests-2026.htm.
1
forth in the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement and has been specifically structuredand calibrated to fulfill the needs of the stress testing program. As such, the variable paths pre-scribed by it should not be interpreted as economic forecasts of the Board or the Federal OpenMarket Committee (FOMC). Prior scenario paths for these variables were informed by a similarmodeling structure with the outputs adjusted using the Board’s expert judgment and experience toalign with the scenario narrative.Third, the Board is publishing the model used to generate the global market shock (theGMS model). The Board invites comment on both the macro model for Stress Testing and theGMS model as part of this notice. The 2026 severely adverse scenario is characterized by a hypothetical severe global recessiontriggered by an abrupt decline in risk appetite that causes substantial declines in the prices ofrisky assets, declines in risk-free interest rates and high levels of financial market volatility.6Equity prices fall about 54 percent in the first three quarters of the scenario while the U.S. MarketVolatility Index (VIX) spikes and reaches a peak of 72 percent in the second quarter of the sce-nario. Those conditions also lead to a widening in corporate bond spreads to a level of 5.7 per-centage points. The ensuing disruptions depress demand for goods and services from householdsand prompt businesses to dramatically reduce employment and investment, conditions from whichthe economy and asset prices are slow to recover. The U.S. unemployment rate rises 5.5 per-centage points from the scenario’s jump-off point of 4.5 percent in the fourth quarter of 2025 toits peak of 10 percent in the third quarter of 2027. The sharp decline in economic activity leads toa collapse in real estate prices, including a 29 percent decline in nominal house prices and a40 percent decline in commercial real estate prices. The international portion of the scenario fea-tures recessions in three countries or country blocs and a sharp slowdown in developing Asia, anddeclines in inflation, with all countries or country blocs experiencing deflation. The value of theU.S. dollar appreciates against all countries and country blocs’ currencies, except for the Japa-nese yen, as discussed below. For more information, please see “Details of the Severely AdverseScenario.”As provided under the Board’s stress test rule, banks with large trading operations are testedagainst a global market shock component that stresses their trading and certain other fair-valuedpositions.7Furthermore, banks with substantial trading or custodial operations are tested againstthe default of their largest counterparty.8As noted before, these hypothetical scenarios are noteconomic forecasts. Their components are described in additional detail in this publication.
62026 Stress Test Scenarios (October 2025) are available at https://www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg/dfa-stress-tests-2026.htm.712 CFR 252.14(b); 12 CFR 252.44(b); 12 CFR pt. 252, Appendix A at 3.2.812 CFR 252.14(b); 12 CFR 252.44(b).
2Proposed 2026 Stress Test Scenarios
Supervisory Stress Test ScenariosThe severely adverse scenario describes a hypothetical set of conditions designed to assess thestrength and resilience of banks in an adverse economic environment. Meanwhile, the baselinescenario follows a profile similar to that of average projections from a survey of economic fore-casters. These scenarios are not Federal Reserve forecasts.The scenarios start in the first quarter of 2026 and extend through the first quarter of 2029. Eachscenario includes 28 variables; the set of variables for the 2026 supervisory stress test is thesame as the set provided in last year’s supervisory stress test scenarios. The variables describingeconomic developments within the United States include:•Six measures of economic activity and prices:quarterly percent changes (at an annualizedrate) in real and nominal GDP, real and nominal disposable personal income, the ConsumerPrice Index for All Urban Consumers (CPI), and the unemployment rate of the civilian non-institutional population aged 16 years and over.•Four aggregate measures of asset prices or financial conditions:indexes of house prices,commercial real estate prices, equity prices, and stock market volatility.•Six measures of interest rates:the rate on 3-month Treasury securities; the yield on 5-yearTreasury securities; the yield on 10-year Treasury securities; the yield on 10-year BBB-rated cor-porate securities; the interest rate associated with conforming, conventional, 30-year fixed-ratemortgages; and the prime rate.The variables describing international economic conditions in each scenario include three vari-ables in four countries or country blocs:•The three variables for each country or country bloc:quarterly percent changes (at an annualrate) in real GDP and in consumer price indexes or local equivalent, and the level of theU.S. dollar exchange rate.•Four countries or country blocs:the euro area (the 20 European Union member states thathave adopted the euro as their common currency); the United Kingdom; developing Asia (thenominal GDP-weighted aggregate of China, India, South Korea, Hong Kong Special Administra-tive Region, and Taiwan); and Japan.
3
Question 1: The Board invites comment on all aspects of the scenario proposal, including thesubstantive components of the proposed scenario, the utility of the proposed scenario’s format andcontents to the public, and whether the length of the public comment period is sufficient to allow thepublic to comment within the annual stress test cycle.Baseline and Severely Adverse ScenariosThe following sections describe this year’s proposed baseline and severely adverse scenarios. Thevariables included in these scenarios are provided in tables at the end of this document.9His-torical data for the domestic and the international variables are reported in tables 1.A and 1.B,respectively.The scenario jump-off quarter is set as the fourth quarter of 2025, and the scenario begins in thefirst quarter of 2026. Given that many of the relevant data points are not yet available for thesecond, third, or fourth quarters of 2025, estimates for scenario variables for those quarters areconstructed using the same methodology used to generate the baseline scenario. The estimatesfor those quarters will be replaced in the final 2026 scenario with published values after theybecome available. Estimates will similarly be constructed for any data for the fourth quarter of2025 that will not be available at publication in February 2026, as has been the case in past sce-narios. With new data, the jump-off values for the scenarios will change. Accordingly, the scenariopaths will change based on these new jump-off values. For more details, see “Methodology toUpdate the Scenarios to Incorporate Additional Data Releases.”Baseline ScenarioThe proposed 2026 baseline scenario for U.S. real activity, inflation, and interest rates (seetable 2.A) is similar to the consensus projections from the September 2025 Blue Chip FinancialForecastsreleased on August 29, 2025, and the August 2025 Blue Chip Economic Indicatorsreleased on August 11, 2025.10The long-term components of the baseline scenario for U.S. realactivity, inflation, and interest rates are similar to the March 2025 Blue Chiprelease. The pro-posed baseline scenario paths for the other scenario variables are constructed according to themacro model for Stress Testing discussed in the Board’s Proposed 2025 Scenario Design PolicyStatement. This scenario is not a forecast of the Federal Reserve.The baseline scenario for the United States features moderate economic growth. The unemploy-ment rate moves up to 4.6 percent in the first quarter of 2026, and stays at that level until thethird quarter of 2026, before gradually declining to 4.2 percent in the third quarter of 2028, where9The scenarios also can be downloaded (together with the historical time series of the variables) from the Board’s web-site at https://www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg/dfa-stress-tests-2026.htm.10See Wolters Kluwer Legal and Regulatory Solutions, Blue Chip Economic Indicatorsand Blue Chip Financial Forecasts.
4Proposed 2026 Stress Test Scenarios
it remains through the end of the scenario. Real GDP growth rises from 0.8 percent in the fourthquarter of 2025 to 2 percent by the first quarter of 2027 and hovers around that rate for the restof the scenario. Inflation, measured as the quarterly change in the CPI and reported as an annual-ized rate, gradually declines from 3.4 percent at the end of 2025 to 2.2 percent in the firstquarter of 2027, where it remains through the end of the scenario. The 3-month Treasury ratedecreases from 4.0 percent at the end of 2025 to 3.8 percent in the first quarter of 2026, afterwhich it declines to 3.3 percent in the fourth quarter of 2026. It remains there through the firstquarter of 2028, after which it gradually declines to 3.1 percent through the end of the scenario.The 10-year Treasury yield ticks down from 4.3 percent in the fourth quarter of 2025 to 4.2 per-cent in the first quarter of 2026 and then declines gradually to 3.9 percent by the end of the sce-nario. The prime rate follows a path similar to short-term interest rates, but sits at a level 3 per-centage points higher, reflecting the typical spread between the prime rate and the top of thefederal funds target range.11Mortgage rates decline gradually from 6.4 percent at the end of2025 to 5.5 percent by the fourth quarter of 2028 where they remain for the rest of the scenario.Yields on BBB-rated corporate bonds hover around their level in the fourth quarter of 2025throughout the scenario, while the spread between yields on BBB-rated bonds and yields on10-year Treasury securities increases gradually to a level of 1.6 percentage points by the thirdquarter of 2027 and remains around that level through the rest of the scenario.Equity prices increase about 4.3 percent per year throughout the scenario. Equity market volatility,as measured by the VIX, increases gradually from 23 percent in the fourth quarter of 2025 to25 percent in the third quarter of 2027, where it remains through the end of the scenario. Nominalhouse prices decline somewhat through the first quarter of 2027 before gradually increasingthrough the remainder of the scenario, while commercial real estate prices increase about 4.3 per-cent per year.The baseline paths for the international variables (see table 2.B) are similar to the trajectoriesreported in the August 2025 Blue Chip Economic Indicators and the International Monetary Fund’sApril 2025 World Economic Outlook.12In the baseline scenario, real GDP growth in developing Asiaincreases from 2.8 percent to 5.6 percent in the third quarter of 2026, after which it graduallydeclines to 4.1 percent in the third quarter of 2027. It then fluctuates between 4.8 percent and4.2 percent through the end of the scenario. Real GDP growth in the euro area increases from0.3 percent at the end of 2025 to 2 percent by the third quarter of 2026. It then declines gradu-ally to 1.1 percent in the second quarter of 2027, after which it fluctuates between 1.2 percentand 1.5 percent through the end of the scenario. Real GDP growth in the United Kingdomincreases from 0.4 percent at the end of 2025 to 1.8 percent by the third quarter of 2026, afterwhich it gradually declines to 1.1 percent in the second quarter of 2027. It then fluctuates11See Bank prime loan in the Board’s H.15 release at https://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/h15/.12See International Monetary Fund, “A Critical Juncture amid Policy Shifts,” World Economic Outlook, April 2025,https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/WEO/Issues/2025/04/22/world-economic-outlook-april-2025.
Supervisory Stress Test Scenarios5
between 1.2 and 1.4 through the end of the scenario. GDP growth in Japan begins at negative0.4 percent in the fourth quarter of 2025 and increases to 1.8 percent in the third quarter of2026. It then gradually declines to 0.2 percent through the third quarter of 2027, after which ithovers between 0.4 percent and 1.1 percent through the end of the scenario.Consumer price inflation in the euro area increases from 1.8 percent to 2 percent in the secondquarter of 2027 and hovers around that level for the rest of the scenario. Consumer price inflationin the United Kingdom declines from 2.7 percent to 2.1 percent in the fourth quarter of 2026 andhovers around that level through the end of the scenario. Inflation in Japan increases from1.8 percent in the fourth quarter of 2025 to 2.4 percent in the second quarter of 2028, where itremains through the end of the scenario. The inflation rate in developing Asia increases graduallyfrom 1.3 percent to 2.2 percent by the third quarter of 2027 and hovers around there for the restof the scenario.Question 2: The Board invites comment on all aspects of the proposed baseline scenario.Severely Adverse ScenarioAs noted, the proposed 2026 severely adverse scenario is informed by the Board’s Proposed2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement.13Additionally, the guides described in the Proposed2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement, the macro model for Stress Testing, and the proposed2026 scenario that the Board has constructed based on that framework, are consistent with theBoard’s 2019 Scenario Design Policy Statement.14While this proposal is designed to providemore transparency around the Board’s process and decisions, the Board expects that the resultingscenarios will, on balance, be similar to those that it has used in prior annual stress testexercises.In accordance with the Board’s Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement, the Board’s sce-nario design approach is informed by current macroeconomic and financial conditions, which aresummarized here for the purposes of the design of the proposed severely adverse scenario. Thecurrent unemployment rate is near the consensus forecast of the long-run natural unemploymentrate in the March 2025 Blue Chip Economic Indicators. As discussed in the previous section, theproposed 2026 baseline scenario paths for GDP growth and inflation see GDP growth rising andinflation remaining somewhat above the FOMC’s 2 percent longer-run inflation goal.15Equity pricesin the proposed baseline scenario are projected to have increased 7 percent from the end of lastyear through the fourth quarter of 2025 and about 30 percent over the past two years. Whilehouse prices have remained largely flat over the past two years, they are about 34 percent higher13See Enhanced Transparency and Public Accountability Proposed Rule.14See https://www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg/dfa-stress-tests-2026.htm.15Federal Open Market Committee, “Statement on Longer-Run Goals and Monetary Policy Strategy,” amendedAugust 22, 2025, https://www.federalreserve.gov/monetarypolicy/files/fomc_longerrungoals.pdf.
6Proposed 2026 Stress Test Scenarios
than their level five years ago. Commercial real estate prices have changed little since early 2024after significant declines in 2023, and the BBB spread remains low relative to its historical series.This summary of current macroeconomic and financial conditions should not be interpreted as anassessment of likely future developments but informs the design of the proposed severelyadverse scenario, consistent with the Board’s expectation that scenario severity generally will behigher during economic expansions or periods when asset values have increased or to avoidadding sources of procyclicality through the stress test.In the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement, the guides for the scenario variablesinclude ranges for the values controlling certain features of the scenario paths, within which theBoard has discretion to choose values based on current conditions and other relevant consider-ations. For this year’s scenario, the Board proposes to calibrate the values of scenario characteris-tics for which the guides provide flexibility, such as the peak values of the BBB spread and VIX,near or in the upper one-third of their ranges of severity. The Board chose this calibration to gen-erate an appropriate level of overall severity given the paths of the unemployment rate and houseprices, and given the prevailing macroeconomic and financial conditions described above. Thiscalibration is consistent with the Board’s goal of improving predictability and transparency of theannual scenarios. The calibration also reflects both the Board’s principle of conservatism and itsgoal that the annual stress tests should not add to other sources of procyclicality in the finan-cial system.Details of the Severely Adverse ScenarioThe proposed 2026 severely adverse scenario is characterized by a severe global recession trig-gered by an abrupt decline in risk appetite that causes substantial declines in risky asset pricesand declines in risk-free interest rates. At times during the first months of this scenario, financialmarket functioning is impaired, leading to substantial additional volatility. Those disruptions spillover into large reductions in household demand for goods and services and significantly reduceemployment and business investment. The low levels of risk appetite and the declines in incomeand wealth persist for some time and lead to a protracted recession in the United States andabroad. This is a hypothetical scenario designed to assess the strength and resilience of banksand does not represent a forecast of the Federal Reserve.Consistent with both the 2019 Scenario Design Policy Statement and the Proposed 2025 Sce-nario Design Policy Statement, under the proposed 2026 severely adverse scenario, the U.S.unemployment rate climbs to a peak of 10 percent in the third quarter of 2027 (see table 3.A), a5.5 percentage point increase relative to its fourth-quarter 2025 level. The unemployment ratereaches its peak in the seventh quarter of the scenario, which is the midpoint of the range of sixto eight quarters generally established by the guide for the unemployment rate to reach its peak.The Board chose this middle value for the timing of the peak of the unemployment rate to balance
Supervisory Stress Test Scenarios7
the marginal effect of a slightly more-severe or less-severe path for the unemployment rate onoverall scenario severity.House prices fall steadily through the fourth quarter of 2027, reaching a trough that is about29 percent below their level in the fourth quarter of 2025. The level of this trough is determinedby the relevant component of the guide for the house prices in the Proposed 2025 ScenarioDesign Policy Statement, which is the same as the guide in the Board’s 2019 Scenario DesignPolicy Statement. The eighth-quarter trough timing is at the lower end of the range of 8 to 10 quar-ters prescribed by the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement’s guide for house prices,in line with the Board’s proposal to calibrate most of the scenario variables for which the Boardretains some discretion near the upper one-third of their ranges of severity. The spread between mortgage rates and 10-year Treasury yields widens 1.3 percentage points toreach a level of 3.4 percentage points by the third quarter of 2026 before narrowing to a level ofabout 2.4 percentage points at the end of the severely adverse scenario. The jump-off-to-peakincrease of 1.3 percentage points is at the upper one-third of the range of 0.7 to 1.6 percentagepoints specified by the proposed guide for the mortgage spread. The mortgage spread reaches itspeak in the third quarter of the scenario, which is the early end of the range of three to four quar-ters allowed by the guide for the spread to reach its peak. In determining the trajectory of themortgage spread from its jump-off point to its trough, the guide for the mortgage spread in theBoard’s Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement specifies a range for the proportion ofdeclines in each quarter along the trajectory to the trough. In the proposed severely adverse sce-nario, 62 percent of the jump-off-to-peak increase in the mortgage spread occurs in the firstquarter of the scenario, which is near the upper one-third of the range of 50 to 70 percent pre-scribed by the proposed guide, in line with the Board’s proposal to calibrate most of the scenariovariables for which the Board retains some discretion near the upper one-third of their ranges ofseverity.Equity prices fall about 54 percent from the fourth quarter of 2025 through the third quarter of2026. The jump-off-to-trough decline of about 54 percent is prescribed by the guide for equityprices in the Board’s Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement, and reflects that equityprices, as proxied by the U.S. Dow Jones Total Stock Market Index, rise 7 percent in 2025 in thebaseline scenario. The guide for equity prices in the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy State-ment reflects the principle that equity prices in the scenario fall more after periods when they haverisen more. In the proposed scenario, 67 percent of the decline in equity prices occurs in the firstquarter of the scenario while 17 percent occurs in the second quarter. These values are at theupper one-third of the respective ranges specified by the guide, in line with the Board’s proposal tocalibrate most of the scenario variables for which the Board retains some discretion near theupper one-third of their ranges of severity.
8Proposed 2026 Stress Test Scenarios
The VIX, measured as the highest daily closing value per quarter, reaches a peak of 72 percent inthe second quarter of 2026. Seventy-three percent of the increase in the VIX occurs in the firstquarter of the scenario. This value, and the peak value of the VIX of 72 percent, are in the topone-third of their respective ranges in the proposed guide for the VIX.Conditions in corporate bond markets deteriorate markedly, as the scenario specifies a suddendecline in risk appetite and worsening business conditions. The spread between yields on BBB-rated bonds and yields on 10-year Treasury securities increases 4.4 percentage points by the thirdquarter of 2026, reaching a level of 5.7 percentage points. Seventy percent of the jump-off-to-peak increase in the BBB spread occurs in the first quarter of the scenario. The peak level of5.7 percentage points and the pace of the increase in the BBB spread are both near the upperone-third of their respective ranges prescribed by the guide for the BBB spread in the Board’s Pro-posed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement.Commercial real estate prices reach a trough in the fourth quarter of 2027 that is 40 percentbelow their level at the end of 2025. The jump-off-to-trough decline in commercial real estateprices is at the top one-third of the range of 30 to 45 percent prescribed by the guide for commer-cial real estate prices in the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement. Commercial realestate prices reach their trough in the eighth quarter of the scenario, which is the bottom of therange of eight to ten quarters prescribed by the guide for commercial real estate prices to reachits trough, in line with the Board’s proposal to calibrate most of the scenario variables for whichthe Board retains some discretion near the upper one-third of their ranges of severity.The proposed scenario paths for real GDP, inflation, and the 3-month Treasury rate are generatedby the macro model for Stress Testing discussed in the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design PolicyStatement, when given the path for the unemployment rate.16Real GDP declines 4.8 percent fromthe fourth quarter of 2025 to its trough in the second quarter of 2027, before recovering to thelevel at the jump-off. This path for real GDP is based on the path for the unemployment rate giventhe version of Okun’s law in the macroeconomic model.17Real disposable income, which dependsin part on real GDP, declines about 1 percent in the proposed scenario from the fourth quarter of2025 to its trough in the fourth quarter of 2026, before recovering and gradually surpassing itslevel at the jump-off. The Phillips curve component of the model projects a significant reduction ininflation given the rising unemployment rate and the rapid decline in aggregate demand for goodsand services. Inflation, measured as the quarterly change in the CPI and reported as an annual-ized rate, falls from 3.4 percent in the fourth quarter of 2025 to 1.1 percent in the second quarter16See Enhanced Transparency and Public Accountability Proposed Rule.17Okun’s law is a well-established economic relationship linking fluctuations in the unemployment rate to fluctuations inreal GDP. See Arthur M. Okun, “Potential GNP: Its Measurement and Significance,” in Proceedings of the Business andEconomics Section,98–103. See also Jonathan McCarthy, Simon M. Potter, and Ging Cee Ng. “Okun’s Law and LongExpansions, March 27, 2012, https://libertystreeteconomics.newyorkfed.org/2012/03/okuns-law-and-long-expansions/.
Supervisory Stress Test Scenarios9
of 2027 and then gradually increases only to 1.3 percent by the end of the scenario. The paths ofinflation and a measure of the output gap, which depends on the unemployment rate, are inputsto the Taylor rule used in the macroeconomic model, which in turn determines the 3-monthTreasury rate. The 3-month Treasury rate falls significantly from 4 percent in the fourth quarter of2025 to 0.1 percent by the second quarter of 2026 and remains there for the remainder of thescenario.18The paths for long-term interest rates, as measured by the 5-year and 10-year Treasury yields, aredetermined by two components. The initial paths to the trough are determined by the proposedguides. The paths from the trough to the end of the scenario are determined by the macro modelfor Stress Testing. These paths are therefore informed by the scenario paths of short-term interestrates and estimates of likely term premiums in an economic environment consistent with the nar-rative for the severely adverse scenario. Overall, the jump-off-to-trough declines in the 5-year and10-year Treasury yields are consistent with key features of the scenario, including severe declinesin aggregate demand for goods and services and in risk appetite at the start of the scenario. Ingeneral, a decline in long-term interest rates may have a positive or negative effect on the severityof the scenario for a given firm depending on the firm’s exposure to interest rate risk—which mayvary from year to year depending on the firm’s portfolio—due to the opposing effects that changesin interest rates have on net interest margins and on the market-adjusted valuations of long-term,fixed-rate securities.In proposing the paths for long-term interest rates, the Board took into consideration the currentlevel of long-term interest rates and their changes in recent recessions. In the proposed scenario,the 5-year and 10-year Treasury yields fall 2.5 percentage points and 2 percentage points to1.3 percent and 2.3 percent, respectively, by the fourth quarter of 2026. These declines areroughly in line with the declines of 2.6 percentage points and 1.6 percentage points, respectively,experienced between the third quarter of 2007 and the first quarter of 2009 during the 2007–2009 financial crisis. That recession was comparable in magnitude and length to the hypotheticalrecession in the scenario, and significantly deeper and longer lasting than the early 2000s reces-sion or the 2020 pandemic recession, during which rates declined by less. Both the 5-year andthe 10-year yields reach their troughs in the fourth quarter of the proposed scenario. Consistentwith their guides, the declines in the 5-year and 10-year Treasury yields are frontloaded, with about55 percent of the declines occurring in the first quarter of the scenario, in line with the severecontraction in economic activity and heightened uncertainty featured in the scenario. The sizabledeclines in the 5-year and 10-year Treasury yields, the speed of those declines, and the timing oftheir troughs are appropriate given the modeled decline of the 3-month Treasury bill yield and its
18The value for the 3-month Treasury rate in the fourth quarter of 2025 is from the August 2025 Blue Chip EconomicIndicators.
10Proposed 2026 Stress Test Scenarios
persistence at a near-zero level in this scenario.19In addition, the timing of the troughs of thelong-term interest rates in the fourth quarter of the proposed scenario reflects the Board’s willing-ness to balance the effects that changes in interest rates have on net interest margins and on themarket-adjusted values of long-term, fixed-rate securities.The international component of the proposed severely adverse scenario involves a sharp deteriora-tion in foreign economic activity, in line with the experience of the 2007–2009 financial crisis (seetable 3.B). In the euro area, the United Kingdom, and Japan, real GDP declines about 7.5 percentrelative to its value in the baseline scenario by the end of 2026, which is consistent with thedeviation observed in the level of real GDP in the first quarter of 2009 from a baseline pathderived from the April 2008 IMF World Economic Outlook (WEO) forecast as described in the inter-national guides. As a result, these advanced economies experience recessions with real GDPdeclining from jump-off to trough by 5.9 percent in the euro area, 6.1 percent in the UnitedKingdom, and 6.2 percent in Japan. In developing Asia, real GDP growth slows down and runsabout 3 percent below baseline by the end of 2026. Over the same period, inflation declinesabout 3 percentage points below baseline in the advanced economies, and 5 percentage pointsbelow baseline in developing Asia. The U.S. dollar appreciates about 15 percent against the euroand the British pound, while it depreciates mildly against the Japanese yen by 1 percent, consis-tent with its historical behavior between the first quarter of 2008 and the first quarter of 2009.Consistent with the guides for the international variables in the Board’s Proposed 2025 ScenarioDesign Policy Statement, the deviation of each international scenario variable from its baselinepath is similar to that observed during the 2007–2009 financial crisis.Question 3: The Board invites comment on all aspects of the proposed severely adverse scenario.What are the advantages and disadvantages of the proposed scenario? Are there risks or conditionsthat the Board should consider incorporating into the scenario that are not described in thisscenario?Question 4: Is the Board’s proposal to calibrate similarly the severity of several of those scenariovariables for which the Board retains some discretion in setting their values appropriate? Is theBoard’s proposed calibration of those variables appropriate in terms of severity? Should the Boardadjust any of the variable paths? If so, what information should the Board consider in assessingthese variable paths?In prior years, the scenario disclosure document featured a section called “Additional Key Featuresof the Severely Adverse Scenario,” which briefly described assumptions regarding the distribution19See, e.g., Refet S. Gürkaynak, Brian Sack, and Eric Swanson, “The Sensitivity of Long-Term Interest Rates to EconomicNews: Evidence and Implications for Macroeconomic Models,” American Economic Review95, 425–436. See also RefetS. Gürkaynak, Brian Sack, Jonathan H. Wright, “The U.S. Treasury Yield Curve: 1961 to the Present,” Journal ofMonetary Economics54, 2291–2304.
Supervisory Stress Test Scenarios11
of stress not fully captured by the BBB spread, indexes of U.S. real estate prices, and the fourcountry blocs in the international scenario. For more information on the distribution of stress notfully captured by the BBB spread, indexes of U.S. real estate prices, and the four country blocs inthe international scenario, please refer to the detailed documentation released separately. Specifi-cally, see section III.B of the October 2025 notice.Comparison of the 2026 Severely Adverse Scenario to the 2025 SeverelyAdverse ScenarioIn general, changes in the paths of scenario variables from year to year reflect a combination ofchanges arising from different jump-off levels and, for those variables where the Board retainssome discretion, choices by the Board about the appropriate level of scenario severity. In the pro-posed severely adverse scenario, the unemployment rate in the United States rises to the samelevel as in the 2025 severely adverse scenario. The increase in the unemployment rate currentlyis smaller in this year’s scenario, reflecting the higher jump-off level implied by the August 2025Blue Chip Economic Indicators. This is consistent with the guide for the unemployment rate in boththe Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement and the 2019 Scenario Design Policy State-ment, which both call for an increase in the unemployment rate to at least a level of 10 percentgiven current conditions.In this year’s scenario, the paths for real GDP, real disposable income, inflation, and the 3-monthTreasury rate are generated by the macro model for stress testing, given the path for the unem-ployment rate and other modeled factors. Real GDP declines by less and reaches its trough onequarter later compared to last year’s scenario. The decline in inflation is larger compared to lastyear’s scenario. These differences reflect both the new model and this year’s jump-off conditions.The path for real disposable income also features a lower decline compared to last year, as itdepends on the path for real GDP.The 3-month Treasury rate reaches the same trough level as in last year’s scenario but declinessomewhat less, owing to its slightly lower jump-off level in this year’s proposed scenario. Asdescribed above, the 5-year and 10-year Treasury yields decline somewhat less in response to thehypothetical drop in economic activity and inflation and reach their troughs somewhat later than inlast year’s scenario. The proposed severely adverse scenario also features a somewhat smallerdecline in house prices as compared to the previous year’s severely adverse scenario, consistentwith the guide for house prices in both the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement andthe 2019 Scenario Design Policy Statement, both of which call for a smaller decline in houseprices when the ratio of nominal house prices to per capita disposable income is lower. Mortgagespreads reach higher levels than in last year’s scenario. Commercial real estate prices declinemore than in last year’s scenario, but the decline is similar to past scenarios.
12Proposed 2026 Stress Test Scenarios
The decline in equity prices is somewhat more severe than in last year’s scenario, reflecting theeffect of the moderate increase in equity prices since last year in the proposed guide for equityprices. In this year’s scenario, the VIX and the BBB spread both reach levels that are higher thanin last year’s scenario but similar to those in prior years. The international component of the pro-posed severely adverse scenario is consistent with the design of international scenarios describedin both the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement and the Board’s 2019 ScenarioDesign Policy Statement. The proposed scenario shows a recessionary episode that, relative tolast year’s severely adverse scenario, is somewhat less severe for Japan and developing Asia andis somewhat more severe for the euro area and the United Kingdom. This scenario is consistentwith the level of stress in foreign economies that manifested during the 2007–2009 finan-cial crisis.Methodology to Update the Scenarios to Incorporate Additional Data ReleasesAfter disclosing a proposed severely adverse scenario for public comment, the Board expects tomake two types of revisions to the scenario. First, the Board may make revisions to the scenarioto address comments received from the public. Second, the Board will make revisions to incorpo-rate additional data releases that occur after the publication of this proposal and affect the his-torical values of specific scenario variables. This section of notice addresses the second: data-based revisions to the severely adverse scenario.Generally, the historical dataset that accompanies the proposed severely adverse scenario will bebased on data released through August 29. For the proposed 2026 scenarios, the final datasetwill incorporate data released through mid-January, as well as updated external forecasts. In par-ticular, the final dataset will reflect new data for the jump-off quarter of the scenarios. As the sce-nario paths for all variables are dependent on the conditions during the jump-off quarter, theseverely adverse scenario will be revised to reflect the updated jump-off conditions.The process for updating the scenario paths given an updated historical dataset will comprise twosteps. First, variables that are determined by formula-based guides will be updated by referencingthe scenario guides in the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement to the new jump-offpoints in the historical dataset.20Variables that are informed by guides that allow for some discre-tion by the Board are likely to be adjusted to match the same level of the peak or trough in thereleased scenario, unless doing so violated some other aspect of that particular guide. Theseupdates likely will require a change in the trajectory from the new jump-off points that will follow20Guide-based variables refer to stress test scenario variables for which the Board has published scenario guides, asreflected in the Board’s 2019 Scenario Design Policy Statement and the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy State-ment. These guides include the unemployment rate and house prices, and are proposed to include the yield on BBB cor-porate bonds, the rate on 30-year conforming mortgages, commercial real estate prices, equity prices, VIX, the yield on5-year Treasuries, and the yield on 10-year Treasuries. The guide-based variables also include all of the internationalscenario variables, which include GDP, inflation, and exchange rates for the four countries or country blocs: the UnitedKingdom, Japan, developing Asia, and the euro area. As noted, the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statementremains consistent with the 2019 Scenario Design Policy Statement.
Supervisory Stress Test Scenarios13
the process described in that portion of the guides. Next, the updated historical dataset and sce-nario paths for guide-based variables will be used as inputs to rerun the scenario model to updatethe scenario paths for all model-determined variables.21Question 6: The Board invites comment on how it plans to update the scenarios to incorporate addi-tional data releases.Guide-based variablesThe scenario guides described in the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement allow, insome cases, for judgment within a range. As such, updating the paths for the guide-based vari-ables will follow the general principle that revisions to the severely adverse scenario that arisebecause of changes in macroeconomic and financial conditions should avoid making the scenariomore severe, should financial and macroeconomic conditions worsen. Conversely, the revisionsshould also avoid making the scenario less severe should financial and macroeconomic conditionsimprove. An additional consideration is that the overall scenario severity is a function of bothlevels and changes in the scenario variables.In line with this principle, the Board expects that its standard approach to revising the scenario inresponse to new data is likely to keep constant the level reached by each variable at its peak ortrough in the scenario released for comment for the guide-based variables, so long as this levelimplies a change relative to the jump-off value that is aligned with that variable’s scenario guide.The Board expects to deviate from this default updating method for the peak or trough value ofguide-based variables in cases where, for example, maintaining the peak or trough level achievedin the scenario would result in a violation of any element of the scenario guide for a variable. Thiscould be the case when data released between the disclosure of the proposed and final scenarioindicate significant changes in the jump-off conditions. In such instances, the Board expects toadjust to target an appropriate level of change, as described in the Proposed 2025 ScenarioDesign Policy Statement with respect to that variable’s scenario guide and informed by the Board’ssupervisory experience and expertise.22Under either approach, the revisions are expected to keep constant the quarters in which the peakor trough values are attained, barring substantial changes in the economic or financial environment.
21Model-determined variables refer to the domestic variables for which the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy State-ment proposes employing the macro model for Stress Testing to determine their scenario paths. These include real andnominal GDP, real and nominal disposable personal income, CPI inflation, the rate on 3-month Treasuries, and the primelending rate.22For example, consider a proposed scenario released for public comment where the VIX increases from a jump-off valueof 30 percent to a peak level of 65 percent. If, when incorporating new data, the jump-off value becomes 60 percent,then maintaining a peak level of 65 percent implies an increase of only 5 percentage points, which is less than theminimum allowed change of 10 percentage points defined in this variable’s scenario guide.
14Proposed 2026 Stress Test Scenarios
For each variable, the revisions will be phased in by adjusting the scenario path through the peakor trough, thus altering the changes relative to the jump-off point.Furthermore, the values of variables at the end of the scenario and the trajectory from the troughto the end point will update to reflect the new jump-off data. The Board expects this process willoccur as outlined in the scenario guide in the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement.Question 7: The Board invites comment on how it plans to update the scenarios with respect toguide-based variables.Model-based variablesTo update the scenario paths for model-based variables, the Board expects to recompute their fullscenario paths using the macro model for Stress Testing outlined in the policy statement taking asinputs the updated historical dataset and the updated scenario paths for the guide-based vari-ables. This approach may result in revisions to the scenario paths for these variables relative tothe proposed scenario disclosed for public comment but should maintain the appropriate level ofscenario severity and ensure overall consistency across all the variables in the stress testscenario.Question 8: The Board invites comment on how it plans to update the scenarios with respect tomodel-based variables.Global Market Shock Component for the Supervisory SeverelyAdverse ScenarioThe global market shock component for the severely adverse scenario (global market shock) is aset of hypothetical shocks to a large set of risk factors reflecting general market distress andheightened uncertainty. Banks with significant trading activity must consider the global marketshock as part of the supervisory severely adverse scenario in their company-run stress test.23Thelosses associated with the global market shock are recognized in the first quarter of the scenarioand are carried through all subsequent quarters. In addition, certain large and highly inter-connected firms must apply the same global market shock to project losses under the counter-party default scenario component. The global market shock is applied to positions held by the
23The global market shock applies to a firm that is subject to the stress test; that has aggregate trading assets and liabili-ties of $50 billion or more, or aggregate trading assets and liabilities equal to 10 percent or more of total consolidatedassets; and that is not a Category IV firm under the Board’s tailoring framework. See 12 CFR § 238.143(b)(2)(i);12 CFR § 252.54(b)(2)(i).
Supervisory Stress Test Scenarios15
banks on a given as-of date, which must fall between October 1 and March 1.24These shocks donot represent a forecast of the Federal Reserve.The design and specification of the global market shock differ from the macroeconomic scenariosin several ways. First, profits and losses from trading and counterparty credit are measured inmark-to-market terms, while revenues and losses from traditional banking are generally measuredusing the accrual method. Another key difference is the timing of loss recognition. The globalmarket shock affects the mark-to-market value of trading positions and counterparty credit lossesin the first quarter of the severely adverse scenario. This timing is based on an observation thatmarket dislocations can happen rapidly and unpredictably at any time under stressed conditions.Applying the global market shock in the first quarter ensures that potential losses from tradingand counterparty exposures are incorporated into banks’ capital ratios in each quarter of theseverely adverse scenario.The global market shock is specified by a large set of risk factors that include, but are notlimited to•public equity returns from key advanced economies and from developing and emerging marketeconomies, along with selected points along term structures of equity option-implied volatilities;•exchange rates of foreign currencies, along with selected points along term structures of foreignexchange option-implied volatilities;•government yields at selected maturities (e.g., 10-year U.S. Treasuries), swap rates, and othertypes of interest rates for key advanced economies and from developing and emerging marketeconomies;•implied volatilities on interest rate options for selected maturities and expiration dates, whichare key inputs to the pricing of interest rate derivatives;•futures prices at various expiration dates for commodity products such as energy, oil, metals,and agricultural products; and•credit spreads or prices for selected credit-sensitive products, including corporate bonds, creditdefault swaps (CDS), securitized products, sovereign debt, and municipal bonds.The Board considers emerging and ongoing areas of financial market vulnerabilities in the develop-ment of the global market shock. This assessment of potential vulnerabilities is informed by finan-cial stability reports, supervisory information, and internal and external assessments of potentialsources of distress such as geopolitical, economic, and financial market events.
24The as-of date for the global market shock is subject to change. The Board invites comment on this as-of date changethrough its website, at https://www.federalreserve.gov/apps/proposals/FR-2025-0063-01/details.
16Proposed 2026 Stress Test Scenarios
The global market shock includes a set of risk factor shocks to financial market variables thatapply to all banks with significant trading activity. Depending on the type of financial market vulner-ability that the global market shock is intended to assess, the risk factor shocks could be basedon a single historical episode, multiple historical periods, hypothetical events that are based onrelevant economic indicators of economic and financial conditions, or a hybrid approach com-prising some combination of historical episodes and hypothetical events. A market shock basedon hypothetical events may result in changes in risk factors that have not been observedhistorically.25Risk factor shocks are calibrated using assumed time horizons. The calibration horizons reflectseveral considerations related to the scenario being modeled. One important consideration is theliquidity characteristics of different risk factors. These characteristics may vary depending on thespecified market shock narrative. More specifically, the calibration horizons reflect the variation inthe speed at which banks could reasonably close out, or effectively hedge, risk exposures in theevent of market stress. The calibration horizons are generally longer than the typical times neededto liquidate exposures under normal conditions because they are designed to capture the unpre-dictable liquidity conditions that prevail in times of stress.26In addition, shocks to risk factors inmore liquid markets, such as those for government securities, foreign exchange, or public equi-ties, are calibrated to shorter horizons (1 month), while shocks to risk factors in less liquidmarkets, such as those for non-agency securitized products, have longer calibration horizons(3 months).2026 Global Market Shock Component of the Supervisory Severely AdverseScenarioThe 2026 global market shock is characterized by heightened market expectations of persistentlyhigh inflation, higher commodity prices, and a global recession. The scenario has certain elementsin common with prior episodes of market reactions to periods of expected high inflation combinedwith low growth, such as the oil crisis of the 1970s. That period was also characterized by com-modity price increases.Both short-term and long-term Treasury rates rise sharply driven by higher inflation expectations.Heightened inflation expectations drive commodity prices upward.
25For example, credit spread changes in the municipal credit markets during March and April of 2020 would have beenconsidered unprecedented had they been used in earlier global market shocks.26The liquidity of previously well-functioning financial markets can undergo abrupt changes in times of financial stress. Forexample, prior to the Global Financial Crisis, AAA-rated private-label RMBS would likely have been considered highlyliquid, but their liquidity deteriorated drastically during the crisis period.
Supervisory Stress Test Scenarios17
The expected fall in economic activity leads to notable equity price declines across global mar-kets. Concerns about corporate credit defaults in light of the economic slowdown leads to widercredit spreads.The U.S. dollar strengthens, exhibiting large gains against the euro and moderate gains againstthe Japanese yen driven by higher yields in the U.S.Comparison of the 2026 Global Market Shock Component and the 2025 GlobalMarket Shock ComponentThe 2026 global market shock features expectations for higher inflation, while last year’s globalmarket shock was characterized by expectations for lower inflation. Accordingly, the main differ-ence between the 2025 and 2026 global market shocks is the behavior of interest rates, foreignexchange rates, and commodities prices. Treasury yields increase across all tenors in the currentglobal market shock, whereas last year, yields decreased with short-term yields falling more thanlong-term yields. Inflation breakeven rates increase in the current global market shock, while theydecreased in the 2025 global market shock.The U.S. dollar appreciates against most major currencies in both the 2025 and 2026 globalmarket shocks. However, an exception is that the dollar appreciates against the Japanese yen inthe 2026 global market shocks, while it depreciated against the yen in the 2025 global marketshock. In both years, the U.S. dollar appreciates with respect to emerging market currencies.Commodities—such as gold, oil, and natural gas—exhibit price increases due to inflationary pres-sures in the current global market shock, while commodity prices decreased in the 2025 globalmarket shock. Credit spreads widen and equity prices fall in both the 2025 and 2026 globalmarket shocks.Counterparty Default Component of the Supervisory SeverelyAdverse ScenarioLarge firms with substantial trading or custodial operations are required to incorporate a counter-party default scenario component into their supervisory severely adverse scenario for 2025 andrecognize associated losses in the first quarter of the scenario.27This component involves theunexpected default of the firm’s largest counterparty. In identifying its largest counterparty, a firm
27The Board may require a company to include one or more additional components in its severely adverse scenario in theannual stress test based on the company’s financial condition, size, complexity, risk profile, scope of operations, oractivities, or based on risks to the U.S. economy. See 12 CFR § 238.143(b)(2)(ii); 12 CFR § 252.54(b)(2)(ii).
18Proposed 2026 Stress Test Scenarios
subject to the counterparty default component will not consider certain entities.28In addition tosovereign entities and qualified central counterparties, certain multilateral development banks andsupranational entities (International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, InternationalMonetary Fund, Bank for International Settlements, European Commission, and European CentralBank) will not be considered for the counterparty default component to better align the treatmentof these entities across regulatory exercises. The Board is separately proposing to exclude certainadditional sovereign entities from the counterparty default component.29The counterparty default scenario component is an add-on to the Federal Reserve’s severelyadverse scenario: firms are required to estimate and report the potential losses and relatedeffects on capital associated with the unexpected default of the counterparty that would generatethe largest net stressed losses across their derivatives and securities financing transactions.Net stressed losses are estimated by applying the global market shock to revalue securitiesfinancing transactions and derivatives, including collateral posted or received. The as-of date forthe counterparty default scenario component for the is the same as-of date as for the globalmarket shock component.30Question 9: The Board invites comment on how the separate proposal to exclude certain additionalsovereign entities from the counterparty default component should be incorporated into the 2026global market shock.
28In identifying its largest counterparty, a firm subject to the counterparty default component will not consider certain sov-ereign entities (Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom, and the United States), certain multilateraldevelopment banks and supranational entities (International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, InternationalMonetary Fund, Bank for International Settlements, European Commission, and European Central Bank), or qualifyingcentral counterparties (QCCPs). See the definition of a QCCP at 12 CFR § 217.2.Please note that although the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development is excluded, the other subsid-iaries of World Bank Group (including the International Development Association, International Finance Corporation, Mul-tilateral Investment Guarantee Agency, and International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes) must be consid-ered when selecting the firm’s largest counterparty.U.S. IHCs are not required to include any affiliate as a counterparty. An affiliate of a company includes a parent of thecompany, as well as any other firm that is consolidated with the company under applicable accounting standards,including U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or International Financial Reporting Standards. See12 CFR § 252.171(b) & (f).29See description of the Largest Counterparty Default Model, available at https://www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg/dfa-stress-tests-2026.htm. See also Enhanced Transparency and Public Accountability Proposed Rule.30As with the global market shock component, a firm subject to the counterparty default component may use data as ofthe date that corresponds to its weekly internal risk reporting cycle so long as it falls during the business week of theas-of date for the counterparty default scenario component.
Supervisory Stress Test Scenarios19
Variables for the Supervisory ScenariosTable 1.A. Historical Data: Domestic variables, Q1:2000–Q4:2025Percent, unless otherwise indicated.Date RealGDPgrowthNominalGDPgrowthRealdispos-ableincomegrowthNominaldispos-ableincomegrowthUnem-ploymentrateCPIinflationrate3-monthTreasuryrate5-yearTreasuryyield10-yearTreasuryyieldBBBcorpo-rateyieldMort-gageratePrimerateLevelDow JonesTotalStockMarketIndex HousePriceIndex Com-mercialRealEstatePriceIndexMarketVolatilityIndexQ1 20001.54.27.210.74.04.05.56.66.78.38.38.714,29610212527.0Q2 20007.510.24.86.83.93.25.76.56.48.68.39.213,61910513433.5Q3 20000.42.85.48.14.03.76.06.16.18.28.09.513,61310714321.9Q4 20002.44.62.75.13.92.96.05.65.88.07.69.512,17611014531.7Q1 2001–1.31.33.26.34.23.94.84.95.37.57.08.610,64611214432.8Q2 20012.55.0–0.31.64.42.83.74.95.57.57.17.311,40711414534.7Q3 2001–1.60.09.59.74.81.13.24.65.37.27.06.69,56311614643.7Q4 20011.12.4–6.5–6.35.5–0.31.94.25.17.16.85.210,70811813935.3Q1 20023.44.79.910.85.71.31.74.55.47.47.04.810,77612014326.1Q2 20022.53.93.26.35.83.21.74.55.47.56.84.89,38412414128.4Q3 20021.63.60.52.65.72.21.63.44.57.26.34.87,77412714345.1Q4 20020.52.82.54.45.92.41.33.14.36.96.14.58,34312914942.6Q1 20032.14.10.13.25.94.21.22.94.26.25.84.38,05213215534.7Q2 20033.65.14.65.06.1–0.71.02.63.85.35.54.29,34213515329.1Q3 20036.89.37.09.86.13.00.93.14.45.66.04.09,65013914922.7Q4 20034.77.31.13.15.81.50.93.24.45.45.94.010,80014315221.1Q1 20042.35.21.85.05.73.40.93.04.15.05.64.011,03914816121.6Q2 20043.16.54.27.05.63.21.13.74.75.76.14.011,14515416920.0Q3 20043.86.52.64.65.42.61.53.54.45.45.94.410,89415918019.3Q4 20044.17.44.78.45.44.42.03.54.35.15.74.911,95216517916.6Q1 20054.57.9–5.3–3.15.32.02.53.94.45.25.85.411,63717218614.7Q2 20052.05.03.76.45.12.72.93.94.25.45.75.911,85717918917.7Q3 20053.27.01.55.95.06.23.44.04.35.45.86.412,28318519814.2Q4 20052.25.63.67.05.03.83.84.44.65.86.27.012,49719020416.5Q1 20065.58.57.69.94.72.14.44.64.75.86.27.413,12219421014.6Q2 20061.04.61.55.14.63.74.75.05.26.36.67.912,80919221923.8Q3 20060.63.40.63.54.63.84.94.85.06.36.68.313,32319122518.6Q4 20063.55.05.04.34.4–1.64.94.64.76.06.28.314,21619123112.7Q1 20071.25.13.16.94.54.05.04.64.86.06.28.314,35418923719.6Q2 20072.55.32.05.54.54.64.74.74.96.26.48.315,16318324718.9Q3 20072.34.60.73.04.72.64.34.54.86.56.68.215,31817825130.8Q4 20072.54.20.54.64.85.03.43.84.46.36.27.514,75417324931.1(continued)
20Proposed 2026 Stress Test Scenarios
Table 1.A—continuedDate RealGDPgrowthNominalGDPgrowthRealdispos-ableincomegrowthNominaldispos-ableincomegrowthUnem-ploymentrateCPIinflationrate3-monthTreasuryrate5-yearTreasuryyield10-yearTreasuryyieldBBBcorpo-rateyieldMort-gageratePrimerateLevelDow JonesTotalStockMarketIndex HousePriceIndex Com-mercialRealEstatePriceIndexMarketVolatilityIndexQ1 2008–1.7–0.21.75.15.04.42.12.83.96.45.96.213,28416622932.2Q2 20082.44.48.512.85.35.31.63.24.16.76.15.113,01615823324.1Q3 2008–2.10.9–7.5–3.56.06.31.53.14.17.16.35.011,82615122746.7Q4 2008–8.5–7.64.6–1.96.9–8.90.32.23.79.75.94.19,05714422080.9Q1 2009–4.5–4.8–0.3–3.08.3–2.70.21.93.29.15.13.38,04413920756.7Q2 2009–0.7–1.42.74.39.32.10.22.33.78.15.03.39,34313917142.3Q3 20091.41.9–4.8–2.19.63.50.22.53.86.55.23.310,81314016631.3Q4 20094.45.70.63.79.93.20.12.33.75.84.93.311,38514115430.7Q1 20102.03.12.44.09.80.60.12.43.95.65.03.312,03313915927.3Q2 20103.96.06.87.59.6–0.10.12.33.65.44.93.310,64614017145.8Q3 20103.14.42.23.09.51.20.21.62.94.84.43.311,81413717032.9Q4 20102.14.51.54.29.53.30.11.53.04.74.43.313,13213617223.5Q1 2011–0.91.14.17.69.04.30.12.13.55.04.83.313,90913317729.4Q2 20112.75.5–0.83.29.14.60.01.83.34.84.73.313,84413417422.7Q3 2011–0.12.32.14.19.02.60.01.12.54.54.33.311,67713517248.0Q4 20114.65.10.92.28.61.80.01.02.14.84.03.313,01913418345.5Q1 20123.45.86.39.18.32.30.10.92.14.43.93.314,62813618323.0Q2 20121.83.52.73.78.20.80.10.81.84.33.83.314,10013918226.7Q3 20120.62.8–3.1–2.08.01.80.10.71.63.93.63.314,89514218620.5Q4 20120.52.511.614.17.82.70.10.71.73.63.43.314,83514518922.7Q1 20134.05.7–14.9–13.77.71.60.10.81.93.73.53.316,39614919119.0Q2 20131.11.93.13.37.5–0.40.10.92.03.83.73.316,77115220020.5Q3 20133.45.51.43.17.22.20.01.52.74.74.43.317,71815621317.0Q4 20133.55.70.62.06.91.50.11.42.84.54.33.319,41315921420.3Q1 2014–1.40.14.76.76.72.50.01.62.84.44.43.319,71116121021.4Q2 20145.37.75.17.06.22.10.01.72.74.04.23.320,56916222017.0Q3 20145.06.73.85.06.11.00.01.72.53.94.13.320,45916522417.0Q4 20142.02.45.85.35.7–1.00.01.62.34.04.03.321,42516723026.3Q1 20153.73.45.63.75.5–2.60.01.52.03.93.73.321,70816924122.4Q2 20152.54.91.23.25.42.80.01.52.23.93.83.321,63117124618.9Q3 20151.62.72.23.35.11.50.01.62.34.34.03.319,95917424640.7Q4 20150.70.72.32.05.00.00.11.62.24.43.93.321,10117624424.4Q1 20162.32.03.33.54.9–0.20.31.42.04.53.73.521,17917823828.1Q2 20161.34.1–0.81.74.93.20.31.31.83.93.63.521,62218024725.8Q3 20162.93.92.33.74.91.70.31.21.63.53.43.522,46918325618.1Q4 20162.24.22.64.54.82.60.41.72.23.93.83.523,27718625822.5Q1 20172.04.14.26.74.62.80.62.02.54.04.23.824,50818825213.1(continued)
Variables for the Supervisory Scenarios21
Table 1.A—continuedDate RealGDPgrowthNominalGDPgrowthRealdispos-ableincomegrowthNominaldispos-ableincomegrowthUnem-ploymentrateCPIinflationrate3-monthTreasuryrate5-yearTreasuryyield10-yearTreasuryyieldBBBcorpo-rateyieldMort-gageratePrimerateLevelDow JonesTotalStockMarketIndex HousePriceIndex Com-mercialRealEstatePriceIndexMarketVolatilityIndexQ2 20172.33.34.45.34.40.50.91.82.33.84.04.025,12519127116.0Q3 20173.25.32.84.34.31.91.01.82.33.73.94.326,14919426616.0Q4 20174.67.22.55.04.23.21.22.12.43.73.94.327,67319727013.1Q1 20183.35.94.37.24.03.41.62.52.84.14.34.527,38320027537.3Q2 20182.15.13.65.83.92.21.82.82.94.54.54.828,31420227423.6Q3 20182.54.34.35.73.81.62.02.82.94.54.65.030,19020427516.1Q4 20180.62.33.95.53.81.62.32.93.04.84.85.325,72520627236.1Q1 20192.53.85.05.93.91.12.42.52.74.54.45.529,19420828225.5Q2 20193.45.5–0.32.03.63.02.32.12.44.04.05.530,24421029420.6Q3 20194.86.12.73.73.61.32.01.71.83.43.75.330,44221229324.6Q4 20192.84.01.93.53.62.81.61.61.83.33.74.833,03521528820.6Q1 2020–5.5–3.72.63.93.81.41.11.21.43.43.54.425,98521829482.7Q2 2020–28.1–29.145.943.613.0–3.80.10.40.73.43.23.331,57722028757.1Q3 202035.240.0–13.5–10.68.84.70.10.30.62.43.03.334,30622729133.6Q4 20204.47.3–8.0–6.26.82.90.10.40.92.32.83.339,22023629840.3Q1 20215.611.157.664.86.24.00.10.61.42.42.93.341,60324330037.2Q2 20216.413.2–27.7–23.15.97.60.00.81.62.63.03.344,90425530727.6Q3 20213.59.8–4.50.95.16.60.00.81.42.42.93.344,70626533325.7Q4 20217.415.1–4.42.04.28.80.11.21.62.73.13.348,63427634531.1Q1 2022–1.07.3–10.9–4.03.89.10.31.92.03.53.83.345,84728833736.5Q2 20220.39.7–1.85.63.69.91.13.03.04.95.33.937,97729634134.8Q3 20222.77.46.611.73.55.42.73.33.25.35.65.436,09829434332.6Q4 20223.47.23.87.93.64.14.04.13.96.16.76.838,52129633933.6Q1 20232.86.610.915.33.53.74.63.83.75.66.47.741,13729933926.5Q2 20232.54.33.36.43.53.05.13.73.75.76.58.244,41230334820.1Q3 20234.47.71.44.13.73.55.34.34.26.07.08.442,78930834018.9Q4 20233.24.83.24.93.82.85.34.54.56.27.38.547,78831331621.7Q1 20241.64.75.69.23.83.75.24.14.25.66.78.552,40331530615.9Q2 20243.05.61.03.64.02.85.24.54.55.87.08.553,91631730719.2Q3 20243.15.00.21.84.21.45.03.84.05.36.58.457,04632030338.6Q4 20242.54.82.54.94.13.04.44.14.35.46.67.858,39932330427.6Q1 2025–0.53.22.56.24.13.84.24.34.55.66.87.555,37532330127.9Q2 20253.35.33.05.04.21.64.24.04.45.76.87.561,31032130524.8Q3 20250.94.10.03.44.33.44.23.94.35.66.67.561,92231830823.6Q4 20250.84.10.63.84.53.44.03.84.35.66.47.062,54331531123.2Note: Refer to Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historical observations of thevariables in the table.
22Proposed 2026 Stress Test Scenarios
Table 1.B. Historical Data: International variables, Q1:2000–Q4:2025Percent, unless otherwise indicated.DateEuro areareal GDPgrowthEuro areainflationEuro areabilateraldollarexchange rate(USD/euro)DevelopingAsiareal GDPgrowthDevelopingAsiainflationDevelopingAsiabilateraldollarexchange rate(F/USD,index)1Japanreal GDPgrowthJapaninflationJapanbilateraldollarexchange rate(yen/USD)U.K.real GDPgrowthU.K.inflationU.K.bilateraldollarexchangerate(USD/pound)Q1 20005.32.60.9577.51.5100.07.1–0.5102.75.10.31.592Q2 20003.70.90.9557.1–0.3100.71.8–1.1106.13.00.51.513Q3 20002.73.40.8847.82.3101.40.1–0.4107.92.61.01.479Q4 20001.92.80.9393.72.5105.23.9–1.0114.42.51.91.496Q1 20014.51.20.8794.51.7106.13.00.7125.53.8–0.11.419Q2 20010.14.00.8475.52.1106.2–3.0–1.9124.71.73.21.408Q3 20010.81.50.9104.91.3106.5–4.2–0.7119.22.11.01.469Q4 2001–0.21.70.8908.30.0107.0–1.4–1.8131.01.2–0.11.454Q1 20020.93.10.8728.10.5107.40.7–1.2132.71.12.01.425Q2 20021.82.00.9868.21.1104.83.20.3119.91.90.91.525Q3 20021.91.60.9887.21.5105.51.3–0.4121.72.91.31.570Q4 20020.82.31.0496.60.8104.51.1–0.8118.83.11.91.610Q1 2003–1.13.31.0906.83.6105.50.20.0118.13.01.71.579Q2 20030.20.51.1502.11.1104.02.70.3119.93.60.21.653Q3 20032.62.11.16514.20.1102.61.3–0.7111.43.71.71.662Q4 20032.52.31.26012.85.5103.44.4–0.7107.13.41.71.784Q1 20042.22.21.2295.94.0101.43.10.6104.21.61.41.840Q2 20042.52.61.2187.24.1102.8–0.1–0.3109.42.30.81.813Q3 20040.92.01.2428.04.1102.72.5–0.1110.21.51.11.809Q4 20041.82.41.3546.40.898.8–0.72.0102.71.92.41.916Q1 20051.11.41.29710.92.998.52.0–1.2107.23.02.61.889Q2 20052.52.21.2108.51.598.93.1–1.0110.93.41.81.793Q3 20053.13.11.2069.32.498.54.1–1.1113.33.42.81.770Q4 20052.82.51.18411.51.698.00.70.4117.93.81.41.719Q1 20063.81.71.21410.92.496.60.61.1117.52.01.91.739Q2 20064.52.51.2787.03.296.50.60.4114.51.43.01.849Q3 20062.22.01.26910.32.296.2–0.80.4118.01.13.31.872Q4 20064.80.91.32011.23.694.45.5–0.6119.02.22.61.959Q1 20072.82.31.33713.63.693.82.7–0.7117.63.72.51.969Q2 20072.72.31.35210.64.991.80.10.4123.42.91.82.006Q3 20071.62.11.4228.87.690.5–2.10.3115.02.90.32.039Q4 20072.04.91.46012.95.989.31.72.0111.72.44.01.984Q1 20082.64.21.5817.28.188.01.61.499.91.93.41.986Q2 2008–1.93.21.5756.06.388.7–2.51.7106.2–2.15.81.991Q3 2008–2.13.21.4082.93.091.6–4.83.8105.9–6.05.91.780Q4 2008–6.6–1.41.3920.5–1.192.3–9.6–2.490.8–8.30.41.462Q1 2009–11.8–1.01.3264.2–1.494.3–17.8–3.599.2–7.9–0.21.430(continued)
Variables for the Supervisory Scenarios23
Table 1.B—continuedDateEuro areareal GDPgrowthEuro areainflationEuro areabilateraldollarexchange rate(USD/euro)DevelopingAsiareal GDPgrowthDevelopingAsiainflationDevelopingAsiabilateraldollarexchange rate(F/USD,index)1Japanreal GDPgrowthJapaninflationJapanbilateraldollarexchange rate(yen/USD)U.K.real GDPgrowthU.K.inflationU.K.bilateraldollarexchangerate(USD/pound)Q2 20090.00.01.40215.12.392.38.1–1.596.4–1.32.31.645Q3 20091.41.11.46312.74.091.3–0.1–1.589.50.33.61.600Q4 20091.71.61.4339.64.990.74.9–1.493.11.22.81.617Q1 20101.61.81.3539.84.489.84.31.093.43.74.21.519Q2 20103.81.91.2299.33.491.14.9–1.488.54.43.31.495Q3 20101.81.61.3608.84.288.47.4–2.083.52.42.21.573Q4 20102.42.61.3279.67.587.4–3.31.481.70.33.91.539Q1 20113.83.71.4189.36.286.4–4.1–0.482.81.17.01.605Q2 20110.03.11.4526.85.485.3–3.4–0.780.60.44.61.607Q3 20110.11.31.3455.65.387.410.00.477.01.23.51.562Q4 2011–1.23.51.2976.63.087.3–0.6–0.677.00.53.41.554Q1 2012–1.02.91.3337.63.186.35.92.382.43.52.31.599Q2 2012–1.42.21.2675.73.988.1–3.7–1.479.8–0.51.91.569Q3 2012–0.51.51.2866.62.286.2–1.6–2.077.93.92.11.613Q4 2012–1.72.51.3197.33.485.9–0.30.186.6–0.44.21.626Q1 2013–1.41.31.2826.64.586.25.70.694.21.33.01.519Q2 20132.70.21.3016.22.887.13.70.099.22.71.51.521Q3 20131.21.11.3547.83.686.53.82.798.33.32.11.618Q4 20130.80.51.3786.93.885.7–0.52.4105.32.71.71.657Q1 20141.80.91.3786.31.486.83.41.0103.03.31.81.668Q2 20141.0–0.41.3697.42.686.5–7.08.3101.33.81.41.711Q3 20141.90.11.2636.52.486.90.31.9109.73.20.81.622Q4 20141.50.01.2105.90.988.01.8–0.8119.92.8–0.31.558Q1 20153.0–0.81.0746.30.988.06.40.1120.01.1–1.31.485Q2 20151.82.41.1156.82.888.30.61.1122.12.50.81.573Q3 20151.6–0.21.1166.52.791.00.30.3119.81.50.71.512Q4 20152.0–0.41.0865.71.192.1–0.7–0.8120.32.30.01.475Q1 20162.0–1.41.1396.73.191.73.1–0.5112.41.40.01.438Q2 20160.91.51.1036.92.994.1–0.70.0102.82.30.71.324Q3 20161.91.31.1246.61.293.60.8–0.4101.21.72.01.302Q4 20163.01.71.0555.91.797.50.52.2116.82.52.11.234Q1 20173.22.61.0706.31.395.13.2–0.7111.43.43.81.254Q2 20172.90.51.1416.72.294.61.60.7112.42.53.11.300Q3 20172.91.11.1815.82.393.63.50.4112.62.62.21.340Q4 20173.21.71.2026.12.591.00.31.8112.73.03.11.353Q1 20180.21.81.2328.52.589.00.32.0106.20.32.51.403Q2 20182.02.31.1686.51.893.41.6–1.3110.70.71.81.320Q3 20180.32.81.1622.92.997.1–2.02.0113.51.22.61.305(continued)
24Proposed 2026 Stress Test Scenarios
Table 1.B—continuedDateEuro areareal GDPgrowthEuro areainflationEuro areabilateraldollarexchange rate(USD/euro)DevelopingAsiareal GDPgrowthDevelopingAsiainflationDevelopingAsiabilateraldollarexchange rate(F/USD,index)1Japanreal GDPgrowthJapaninflationJapanbilateraldollarexchange rate(yen/USD)U.K.real GDPgrowthU.K.inflationU.K.bilateraldollarexchangerate(USD/pound)Q4 20182.41.01.1465.31.296.1–0.90.7109.70.52.11.276Q1 20192.8–0.41.1238.31.194.40.9–0.4110.73.01.01.303Q2 20191.42.31.1376.54.996.31.81.1107.81.32.31.270Q3 20190.71.01.0910.63.499.70.80.1108.12.91.91.231Q4 2019–0.11.21.1234.16.797.8–11.11.3108.70.00.41.327Q1 2020–12.7–0.31.102–23.63.8101.52.00.0107.5–10.22.21.245Q2 2020–37.4–1.11.12436.7–2.197.4–27.0–0.9107.8–59.7–2.21.237Q3 202055.00.11.17220.11.895.623.4–0.4105.686.02.11.292Q4 20201.50.31.22313.40.292.77.1–2.4103.25.60.21.366Q1 20212.64.91.1745.43.293.50.91.6110.6–4.12.71.380Q2 20219.22.21.1855.41.991.52.9–1.7111.132.33.01.381Q3 20217.34.01.1581.90.792.7–1.71.9111.56.85.31.347Q4 20213.37.51.1327.63.792.24.60.3115.26.18.81.350Q1 20222.410.81.1093.12.292.8–2.03.1121.43.08.11.315Q2 20223.610.01.047–0.86.198.14.34.3135.71.314.41.216Q3 20222.28.80.9787.31.7103.6–1.93.7144.70.59.01.113Q4 2022–0.410.21.0703.31.0101.11.14.2131.81.311.71.208Q1 20230.53.01.0877.50.5100.55.12.5132.80.25.91.237Q2 20230.73.01.0927.20.9104.81.63.1144.50.26.91.271Q3 20230.03.71.0583.72.1106.5–4.12.8149.4–0.22.61.221Q4 20230.11.21.1064.80.2104.2–0.23.2140.9–0.81.51.274Q1 20241.52.41.0795.71.2105.9–1.11.1151.23.73.31.264Q2 20240.82.71.0714.51.4106.73.03.8160.91.80.81.264Q3 20241.72.31.1153.32.1104.11.13.1143.30.02.51.340Q4 20241.21.51.0357.20.1108.62.43.7157.40.43.31.252Q1 20252.32.91.0806.0–0.6108.10.64.4149.93.04.71.290Q2 20250.51.41.1774.80.9106.41.02.2144.21.43.41.372Q3 20250.01.81.1732.71.2106.8–0.62.0143.50.43.01.361Q4 20250.31.81.1682.81.3107.2–0.41.8142.90.42.71.349Note: Refer to Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historical observations of thevariables in the table.1F/USD denotes foreign currency index, relative to the U.S. dollar, obtained as a weighted average of the exchange rates of the countriesin the developing Asia bloc.
Variables for the Supervisory Scenarios25
Table 2.A. Supervisory baseline scenario: Domestic variables, Q1:2026–Q1:2029Percent, unless otherwise indicated.Date RealGDPgrowthNominalGDPgrowthRealdispos-ableincomegrowthNominaldispos-ableincomegrowthUnem-ploymentrateCPIinflationrate3-monthTreasuryrate5-yearTreasuryyield10-yearTreasuryyieldBBBcorpo-rateyieldMort-gageratePrimerateLevelDow JonesTotalStockMarketIndex HousePriceIndex Com-mercialRealEstatePriceIndexMarketVolatilityIndexQ1 20261.44.22.55.44.62.93.83.74.25.66.36.863,19331431423.3Q2 20261.84.22.04.44.62.63.63.74.25.66.16.663,84331331823.5Q3 20261.94.31.94.34.62.53.43.74.15.66.06.464,52031332123.8Q4 20261.94.32.34.64.52.43.33.74.15.66.06.365,20031232424.0Q1 20272.04.52.24.74.52.23.33.74.15.65.96.365,91731332824.2Q2 20272.04.42.24.74.42.23.33.74.15.65.86.366,63431333224.4Q3 20272.04.42.24.74.42.23.33.74.05.65.86.367,35131333524.6Q4 20272.04.32.24.64.32.23.33.74.05.65.76.368,06831433924.7Q1 20282.04.32.14.34.32.23.33.74.05.65.76.368,78331434224.9Q2 20282.04.22.14.34.32.23.23.64.05.55.66.269,49831534625.0Q3 20282.04.22.14.34.22.23.23.63.95.55.66.270,21331634925.1Q4 20282.04.12.14.24.22.23.13.63.95.55.56.170,92731735325.2Q1 20291.94.22.14.34.22.23.13.63.95.55.56.171,65431835725.3Note: Refer to Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historical observations of thevariables in the table.
26Proposed 2026 Stress Test Scenarios
Table 2.B. Supervisory baseline scenario: International variables, Q1:2026–Q1:2029Percent, unless otherwise indicated.DateEuro areareal GDPgrowthEuro areainflationEuro areabilateraldollarexchange rate(USD/euro)DevelopingAsiareal GDPgrowthDevelopingAsiainflationDevelopingAsiabilateraldollarexchange rate(F/USD,index)1Japanreal GDPgrowthJapaninflationJapanbilateraldollarexchange rate(yen/USD)U.K.real GDPgrowthU.K.inflationU.K.bilateraldollarexchangerate(USD/pound)Q1 20261.21.81.1704.21.4107.00.81.8141.51.12.51.355Q2 20261.81.81.1715.31.5106.81.61.9140.01.62.31.361Q3 20262.01.91.1735.61.6106.61.82.1138.61.82.21.366Q4 20261.81.91.1745.31.7106.41.42.2137.21.72.11.372Q1 20271.41.91.1744.61.9106.40.72.2137.21.42.11.372Q2 20271.12.01.1744.22.1106.40.32.3137.21.12.11.372Q3 20271.12.01.1744.12.2106.40.22.3137.21.12.11.372Q4 20271.22.01.1744.32.2106.40.42.3137.21.22.11.372Q1 20281.42.01.1744.62.2106.40.82.3137.21.32.11.372Q2 20281.52.01.1744.82.2106.41.12.4137.21.42.11.372Q3 20281.51.91.1744.82.2106.41.12.4137.21.42.11.372Q4 20281.41.91.1744.62.2106.40.92.4137.21.42.11.372Q1 20291.31.91.1744.22.3106.40.72.4137.21.32.11.372Note: Refer to Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historical observations of thevariables in the table.1F/USD denotes foreign currency index, relative to the U.S. dollar, obtained as a weighted average of the exchange rates of the countriesin the developing Asia bloc.
Variables for the Supervisory Scenarios27
Table 3.A. Supervisory severely adverse scenario: Domestic variables, Q1:2026–Q1:2029Percent, unless otherwise indicated.Date RealGDPgrowthNominalGDPgrowthRealdispos-ableincomegrowthNominaldispos-ableincomegrowthUnem-ploymentrateCPIinflationrate3-monthTreasuryrate5-yearTreasuryyield10-yearTreasuryyieldBBBcorpo-rateyieldMort-gageratePrimerateLevelDow JonesTotalStockMarketIndex HousePriceIndex Com-mercialRealEstatePriceIndexMarketVolatilityIndexQ1 2026–6.1–3.5–1.71.05.92.92.52.43.27.66.15.540,10429629658.8Q2 2026–5.0–3.2–1.30.67.22.10.11.82.78.26.03.134,41127728072.0Q3 2026–3.8–2.7–0.80.38.21.30.11.42.48.15.83.129,05326826570.8Q4 2026–2.7–1.8–0.30.69.01.20.11.32.37.85.73.131,77625824966.5Q1 2027–1.5–0.60.21.19.51.20.11.32.37.45.63.134,50024923362.3Q2 2027–0.20.70.81.79.91.10.11.32.37.05.53.137,22324121858.0Q3 20271.12.01.42.410.01.10.11.32.36.65.43.139,94723320253.8Q4 20272.93.82.33.29.81.10.11.32.36.25.33.142,67122518749.5Q1 20283.94.92.83.79.41.10.11.32.35.85.13.145,39422818945.3Q2 20283.94.92.83.89.11.20.11.32.35.45.03.148,11823219041.0Q3 20283.95.02.83.88.71.20.11.32.35.04.93.150,84123619236.8Q4 20283.95.12.83.98.41.30.11.32.34.64.93.153,56523919432.5Q1 20293.95.12.83.98.01.30.11.32.44.24.83.156,28924319628.2Note: Refer to Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historical observations of thevariables in the table.
28Proposed 2026 Stress Test Scenarios
Table 3.B. Supervisory severely adverse scenario: International variables, Q1:2026–Q1:2029Percent, unless otherwise indicated.DateEuro arearealGDPgrowthEuro areainflationEuro areabilateraldollarexchange rate(USD/euro)DevelopingAsia real GDPgrowthDevelopingAsiainflationDevelopingAsiabilateraldollarexchange rate(F/USD,index)1Japanreal GDPgrowthJapaninflationJapanbilateraldollarexchange rate(yen/USD)U.K.real GDPgrowthU.K.inflationU.K.bilateraldollarexchangerate(USD/pound)Q1 2026–8.30.51.1190.6–0.8111.9–8.50.6142.3–8.51.01.292Q2 2026–8.2–0.41.0740.7–2.2116.6–8.4–0.2141.9–8.40.01.241Q3 2026–6.3–1.01.0381.7–3.2120.7–6.6–0.8141.5–6.5–0.71.198Q4 2026–0.6–1.11.0164.8–3.3123.3–1.2–0.9141.5–0.7–0.91.173Q1 20271.4–0.91.0165.9–2.8123.30.8–0.6141.61.4–0.61.173Q2 20271.5–0.51.0306.0–2.2121.60.9–0.2141.81.5–0.31.189Q3 20271.4–0.11.0495.9–1.5119.40.80.2141.91.40.11.211Q4 20271.30.21.0695.9–0.8117.20.70.6142.11.30.51.235Q1 20281.30.61.0895.9–0.2115.00.70.9142.31.30.81.258Q2 20281.30.91.1095.90.4113.00.71.3142.41.31.11.280Q3 20281.31.31.1285.91.0111.00.71.6142.61.31.51.303Q4 20281.31.61.1485.91.6109.10.72.0142.81.31.81.326Q1 20291.31.91.1685.92.3107.20.72.4142.91.32.11.349Note: Refer to Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historical observations of thevariables in the table.1F/USD denotes foreign currency index, relative to the U.S. dollar, obtained as a weighted average of the exchange rates of the countriesin the developing Asia bloc.
Variables for the Supervisory Scenarios29
Notes Regarding Scenario VariablesThe following are descriptions of data as released through August 29, 2025. The 2025:Q3 and 2025:Q4 values ofall variables are estimates. Additionally, the 2025:Q2 values for the U.S. House Price Index and U.S. CommercialReal Estate Price Index are estimates.U.S. real GDP growth: Quarterly percent change in real gross domestic product (chained 2017 dollars), expressedat an annualized rate, Bureau of Economic Analysis (NIPA table 1.1.6, line 1).U.S. nominal GDP growth:Quarterly percent change in gross domestic product (current dollars), expressed at anannualized rate, Bureau of Economic Analysis (NIPA table 1.1.5, line 1).U.S. real disposable income growth:Quarterly percent change in real disposable personal income (current-dollarvalues divided by the price index for personal consumption expenditures), expressed at an annualized rate, Bureauof Economic Analysis (NIPA table 2.1, line 27, and NIPA table 1.1.4, line 2, respectively).U.S. nominal disposable income growth:Quarterly percent change in disposable personal income (current dol-lars), expressed at an annualized rate, Bureau of Economic Analysis (NIPA table 2.1, line 27).U.S. unemployment rate: Quarterly average of seasonally adjusted monthly unemployment rates for the civilian,non-institutional population aged 16 years and older, Bureau of Labor Statistics (series LNS14000000).U.S. CPI inflation:Percent change in the quarterly average of seasonally adjusted monthly levels of the all-itemsCPI for all urban consumers (CPI-U), expressed at an annualized rate, Bureau of Labor Statistics (seriesCUSR0000SA0).U.S. 3-month Treasury rate:Quarterly average of 3-month Treasury bill secondary market rate on a discount basis,H.15 Release, Selected Interest Rates, Federal Reserve Board (series RIFSGFSM03_N.B).U.S. 5-year Treasury yield:Quarterly average of the yield on 5-year U.S. Treasury notes, constructed for the FRB/U.S. model by Federal Reserve staff based on the Svensson smoothed term structure model (see Lars E. O.Svensson, 1995, “Estimating Forward Interest Rates with the Extended Nelson–Siegel Method,” Quarterly Review,no. 3, Sveriges Riksbank, pp. 13–26).U.S. 10-year Treasury yield:Quarterly average of the yield on 10-year U.S. Treasury notes, constructed for theFRB/U.S. model by Federal Reserve staff based on the Svensson smoothed term structure model (see Svensson,“Estimating Forward Interest Rates”).U.S. BBB corporate yield:Quarterly average of ICE BofAML U.S. Corporate 7-10 Year Yield-to-Maturity Index, ICEData Indices, LLC, used with permission (C4A4 series).
30Proposed 2026 Stress Test Scenarios
U.S. mortgage rate:Quarterly average of weekly series for the interest rate of a conventional, conforming, 30-yearfixed-rate mortgage, obtained from the Primary Mortgage Market Survey of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Cor-poration.U.S. prime rate:Quarterly average of monthly series, H.15 Release (Selected Interest Rates),Federal Reserve Board (series RIFSPBLP_N.M).U.S. Dow Jones Total Stock Market (Float Cap) Index:End-of-quarter value via Bloomberg Finance L.P.U.S. House Price Index: Price Index for Owner-Occupied Real Estate, Z.1 Release (Financial Accounts of the UnitedStates), Federal Reserve Board (series FL075035243.Q divided by 1000).U.S. Commercial Real Estate Price Index:Commercial Real Estate Price Index, Z.1 Release (Financial Accounts ofthe United States), Federal Reserve Board (series FL075035503.Q divided by 1000).U.S. Market Volatility Index (VIX):VIX converted to quarterly frequency using the maximum close-of-day value inany quarter, Chicago Board Options Exchange via Bloomberg Finance L.P.Euro area real GDP growth:Quarterly percent change in real gross domestic product at an annualized rate, staffcalculations based on Statistical Office of the European Communities via Haver, extended back using ECB AreaWide Model dataset (ECB Working Paper series no. 42).Euro area inflation:Percent change in the quarterly average of the harmonized index of consumer prices at anannualized rate, staff calculations based on Statistical Office of the European Communities via Haver.Developing Asia real GDP growth:Quarterly percent change in real gross domestic product at an annualized rate,staff calculations based on data from Bank of Korea via Haver; National Bureau of Statistics of China via Haver;Indian Central Statistics Office via Haver; Census and Statistics Department of Hong Kong via Haver; and TaiwanDirectorate-General of Budget, Accounting and Statistics via Haver.Developing Asia inflation:Percent change in the quarterly average of the consumer price index, or local equivalent,at an annualized rate, staff calculations based on data from National Bureau of Statistics of China via Haver;Indian Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation via Haver; Labour Bureau of India via Haver; StatisticsKorea (KOSTAT) via Haver; Census and Statistics Department of Hong Kong via Haver; and Taiwan Directorate-General of Budget, Accounting and Statistics via Haver.Japan real GDP growth:Quarterly percent change in real gross domestic product at an annualized rate from 1980to present and percent change in gross domestic expenditure at an annualized rate prior to 1980, Cabinet Officeof Japan via Haver.
Variables for the Supervisory Scenarios31
Japan inflation:Percent change in the quarterly average of the consumer price index at an annualized rate, basedon data from the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications via Haver.U.K. real GDP growth:Quarterly percent change in real gross domestic product at an annualized rate, U.K. Officefor National Statistics via Haver.U.K. inflation:Percent change in the quarterly average of the consumer price index at an annualized rate from1988 to present and percent change in the quarterly average of the retail prices index prior to 1988, staff calcula-tions based on data from the U.K. Office for National Statistics via Haver.Exchange rates:End-of-quarter exchange rates, H.10 Release (Foreign Exchange Rates), Federal Reserve Board.
32Proposed 2026 Stress Test Scenarios

Find other Federal Reserve Board publications at www.federalreserve.gov/publications/default.htm,or visit our website to learn more about the Board and how to connect with us on social media.
www.federalreserve.gov1025