Dodd-Frank Act Stress Test 2019:
Supervisory Stress Test Results
June 2019
B O A R D O F G O V E R N O R S O F T H E F E D E R A L R E S E R V E S Y S T E M

Dodd-Frank Act Stress Test 2019:
Supervisory Stress Test Results
June 2019
B O A R D O F G O V E R N O R S O F T H E F E D E R A L R E S E R V E S Y S T E M
This and other Federal Reserve Board reports and publications are available online at
https://www.federalreserve.gov/publications/default.htm.
To order copies of Federal Reserve Board publications offered in print,
see the Board’s Publication Order Form (https://www.federalreserve.gov/files/orderform.pdf)
or contact:
Printing and Fulfillment
Mail Stop K1-120
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
Washington, DC 20551
(ph) 202-452-3245
(fax) 202-728-5886
(email) Publications-BOG@frb.gov
Preface
The Federal Reserve, through the supervision and
regulation of banking organizations, promotes a
safe, sound, and efficient banking and financial
system. This oversight supports the U.S. economy by
ensuring that banking organizations remain healthy
so that they can be a source of strength.
Stress testing is one component of that oversight and
allows the Federal Reserve to effectively assess
whether firms have sufficient capital to continue
operating and lending to households and businesses,
even during times of economic and financial market
stress.
In particular, the Federal Reserve’s stress testing pro-
gram examines large bank holding companies
(BHCs) and the intermediate holding companies
(IHCs) of foreign banks (together, firms). The pro-
gram consists of two primary components:
• The Dodd-Frank Act stress test (DFAST) is a
forward-looking quantitative evaluation of bank
capital that demonstrates how a hypothetical set of
stressful economic conditions developed by the
Federal Reserve would affect the capital ratios of
large firms.
1
• The Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review
(CCAR) includes a quantitative assessment for all
firms subject to the supervisory stress test and a
qualitative assessment of certain firms’ capital
planning practices.
2 The CCAR quantitative
assessment uses the same supervisory stress test
results as DFAST and incorporates firms’ planned
capital actions, such as dividend payments and
common stock repurchases.
This document includes Federal Reserve estimates
under DFAST of revenues, expenses, losses, pre-tax
net income, and capital ratios under the hypothetical
scenarios designed by the Board. The post-stress
capital ratios are produced using a standardized set
of capital action assumptions specified in the Dodd-
Frank Act stress test rules. The disclosures are
intended to give the public a greater understanding
of how large firms would perform during hypotheti-
cal recessions.
1 Pub. L. No. 111-203, 124 Stat. 1376 (2010); 12 CFR part 252,
subpart E.
2 For the largest and most complex firms, CCAR includes a
qualitative evaluation of a firm’s ability to determine its capital
needs on a forward-looking basis.
iii

Executive Summary ................................................................................................................ 1
 Differences between the DFAST 2019 Results Disclosure and Previous Results
Disclosures  ........................................................................................................................ 2
 Overview .................................................................................................................................... 3
Supervisory Scenarios ............................................................................................................ 5
 Severely Adverse Scenario .......................................................................................................... 5
 Adverse Scenario  ....................................................................................................................... 7
 Global Market Shock and Counterparty Default Components ........................................................ 8
Supervisory Stress Test Framework and Model Methodology .............................. 11
 Overview of Modeling Framework .............................................................................................. 11
 Balance Projections and the Calculation of Regulatory Capital Ratios .......................................... 17
 Capital Action Assumptions ....................................................................................................... 18
 Data Inputs ............................................................................................................................... 19
 Modeling Approaches for IHCs Newly Subject to the Supervisory Stress Test .............................. 19
Supervisory Stress Test Results ......................................................................................... 21
 Severely Adverse Scenario ........................................................................................................ 21
 Adverse Scenario ...................................................................................................................... 35
Appendix A: Supervisory Scenarios ................................................................................ 49
Appendix B: Firm-Specific Results .................................................................................. 59
Appendix C: Additional Aggregate Results .................................................................. 97
v
Contents

Executive Summary
The results of this year’s stress test cycle (DFAST
2019) suggest that, in the aggregate, the 18 firms sub-
ject to the supervisory stress test would experience
substantial losses under both the adverse and
severely adverse scenarios but could continue lending
to businesses and households, due to the substantial
build of capital since the financial crisis.
In the severely adverse scenario, the aggregate com-
mon equity tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio would fall
from an actual 12.3 percent in the fourth quarter of
2018 to its minimum of 9.2 percent, before rising to
9.7 percent at the end of nine quarters (see 
figure 1).
The DFAST cycle begins in the first quarter of 2019
and ends in the first quarter of 2021.
For DFAST 2019, key components of stress test pro-
jections, such as losses and revenue, are broadly simi-
lar to those of prior years’ exercises.
Aggregate losses at the 18 firms under the severely
adverse scenario are projected to be $410 billion.
These losses represent a slight decline from $464 bil-
lion for the same 18 firms in DFAST 2018. Aggre-
gate loan losses as a percent of average loan balances
in the severely adverse scenario have declined since
early stress test exercises, due in large part to
improvements in firms’ portfolio quality (see 
fig-
ure 2). The loss rates in DFAST 2019 are well in line
with loss rates in the 2015–17 stress test exercises.3
Aggregate projected pre-provision net revenue
(PPNR) in DFAST 2019 for the 18 firms under the
severely adverse scenario is projected to be $327 bil-
lion, compared to $389 billion for the same set of
firms in DFAST 2018. PPNR as a percent of average
total assets in DFAST 2019 is broadly similar to pro-
jected PPNR in prior years’ exercises (see 
figure 3).
Provisions for loan losses and PPNR are the main
drivers of pre-tax net income. The projected decline
in pre-tax net income is -0.8 percent average total
assets, equivalent
3 Loss rates were higher in DFAST 2018 due to features of the
2018 severely adverse macroeconomic scenario.
Figure 1. Historical and stressed tier 1 common ratio and
common equity tier 1 ratio
Percent 
0
3
6
9
12 
15 
Stressed CET1 Actual tier 1 common Actual CET1 
Q1 2021 
Q4 2018 
Q4 2017 
Q4 2016 
Q4 2015 
Q3 2014 
Q3 2013 
Q3 2012 
Note: Historical and stressed capital ratios are calculated for all firms subject to
the supervisory stress test in each exercise.
Figure 2. Loan loss rates, severely adverse scenario
Percent 
7.5 
6.9 
6.1 6.1 5.8 
6.4 
5.7 
DFAST 
2019
DFAST 
2018
DFAST 
2017
DFAST 
2016
DFAST 
2015
DFAST 
2014
DFAST 
2013
0.0
1.0
2.0
3.0
4.0
5.0
6.0
7.0
8.0
Note: Loan loss rates as a percent of average total loan balances is calculated for
all firms subject to the supervisory stress test in each exercise.
1
to the decline in pre-tax net income in the DFAST
2018 exercise (see 
figure 4).
In DFAST 2019, the effect of the decline in pre-tax
net income on firms’ post-stress capital ratios was
partially offset by projected unrealized gains on
available-for-sale (AFS) securities, resulting from a
more muted widening of credit spreads and a larger
downward shift in the yield curve in the 2019 severely
adverse scenario. These securities may have projected
gains, as in DFAST 2019, or projected losses as in
DFAST 2018, depending on the nature of the stress
scenario. Only the largest and most complex firms
are required to recognize those unrealized gains and
losses in regulatory capital.
4
In the adverse scenario, aggregate projected losses,
PPNR, and net income before taxes are $255 billion,
$387 billion, and $128 billion, respectively. The
aggregate CET1 capital ratio under the adverse sce-
nario would fall to a minimum of 11.4 percent.
Further details of the results are provided in the
Supervisory Stress Test Results section of this
report.
Differences between the DFAST 2019
Results Disclosure and Previous
Results Disclosures
Fewer Firms This Year
The Board previously announced that certain less-
complex BHCs and IHCs would not be subject to
the stress test in 2019. As a result, these firms were
not subject to the supervisory stress test during the
2019 stress test cycle. Effectively moving these insti-
tutions to an extended stress test cycle for 2019 rec-
ognizes the smaller risk they present, while still
allowing the Board to assess the resiliency of these
firms.
5
While 35 firms remain subject to stress testing
requirements, 18 firms have been tested this year
4 In contrast, these projected unrealized gains would not have
been reflected in the capital ratios of smaller and less complex
firms, as they are not required to include unrealized gains and
losses on AFS securities in regulatory capital.
5 See Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, “Fed-
eral Reserve Board releases scenarios for 2019 Comprehensive
Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) and Dodd-Frank Act
stress test exercises,” press release, February 5, 2019, 
https://
www.federalreserve.gov/newsevents/pressreleases/
bcreg20190205b.htm
. 
Figure 3. PPNR as a percent of average total assets,
severely adverse scenario
0.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
3.0
DFAST 
2019
DFAST 
2018
DFAST 
2017
DFAST 
2016
DFAST 
2015
DFAST 
2014
DFAST 
2013
Percent 
2.4 2.3 
2.1 
2.5 2.6 
3.0 
2.4 
Note: PPNR as a percent of average total assets is calculated for all firms subject
to the supervisory stress test in each exercise.
Figure 4. Pre-tax net income as a percent of average total
assets, severely adverse scenario
Percent 
-1.7
-1.6 -1.5
-1.3
-0.7
-0.8 -0.8
DFAST 
2019
DFAST 
2018
DFAST 
2017
DFAST 
2016
DFAST 
2015
DFAST 
2014
DFAST 
2013
-2.0
-1.5
-1.0
-0.5
0.0
Note: Pre-tax net income as a percent of average total assets is calculated for all
firms subject to the supervisory stress test in each exercise.
2 Supervisory Stress Test Results
under DFAST.6 As such, only results from the
18 firms are being published in this document.7
Because fewer firms participated in the 2019 stress
test cycle, the aggregate results this year are not fully
comparable to results from prior years.
No Further Changes from the Tax Law
While the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act8 is in effect for
DFAST 2019, the one-time effects of transitioning to
the new tax law that had material effects on the
results of DFAST 2018 are not a factor in this year’s
stress test cycle.
Specifically, in the 2018 stress test cycle, the Federal
Reserve modified its calculation of projected capital
to account for the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act.
9 The effective tax rate was reduced from 35 per-
cent to 21 percent, and the calculation of capital was
changed to reflect the elimination of net operating
loss (NOL) carrybacks and the 80 percent limit on
carryforward utilization.
Transparency Enhancements
This document contains projections of net interest
income, noninterest income, and noninterest expense
for firms subject to DFAST 2019. These subcompo-
nent estimates are more granular than the PPNR
estimates published in prior DFAST disclosures.
In March 2019, the Board published for the first
time a disclosure containing additional information
about its supervisory models. This disclosure was
designed to improve the public’s understanding and
interpretation of stress test results and enhance the
credibility of the test.
10 It is one part of recent
efforts to increase supervisory stress test transpar-
ency while still maintaining the effectiveness of the
stress test. Because the Board has published these
descriptions in advance of the stress test cycle and
intends to publish a disclosure of supervisory model
methodology in advance of future stress test cycles,
the description of supervisory models (formerly
appendix B) has been removed from the supervisory
stress test results disclosure.
Overview
This report provides
• details of the adverse and severely adverse supervi-
sory scenarios used in DFAST 2019;
• an overview of the analytical framework and meth-
ods used to generate the Federal Reserve’s pro-
jected results, highlighting notable changes from
last year’s program;
• information about recent efforts to increase
transparency;
• additional details about the Federal Reserve’s
assumptions in the supervisory stress test; and
• the results of the supervisory stress test under
adverse and severely adverse scenarios for the
firms that participated in DFAST 2019, presented
both for individual institutions and in the
aggregate.
The adverse and severely adverse supervisory sce-
narios used in DFAST 2019 feature U.S. and global
recessions. In particular, the severely adverse sce-
nario is characterized by a severe global recession
accompanied by a period of heightened stress in
commercial real estate (CRE) markets and corporate
debt markets. The adverse scenario is characterized
by weakening economic activity across all of the
economies included in the scenario, accompanied by
a moderate correction in asset prices and a rise in
volatility.
6 The 18 firms required to participate in DFAST 2019 are Bank
of America Corporation; The Bank of New Y ork Mellon Cor-
poration; Barclays US LLC; Capital One Financial Corpora-
tion; Citigroup Inc.; Credit Suisse Holdings (USA), Inc.; DB
USA Corporation; The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.; HSBC
North America Holdings Inc.; JPMorgan Chase & Co.; Mor-
gan Stanley; Northern Trust Corporation; The PNC Financial
Services Group, Inc.; State Street Corporation; TD Group US
Holdings LLC; UBS Americas Holdings LLC; U.S. Bancorp;
and Wells Fargo & Company. In addition to DB USA Corpora-
tion, DWS USA Corporation, a second U.S. intermediate hold-
ing company subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG, was subject to
DFAST 2019.
7 The 17 firms not subject to DFAST 2019 are Ally Financial
Inc.; American Express Company; BB&T Corporation; BBV A
Compass Bancshares, Inc.; BMO Financial Corp.; BNP Paribas
USA, Inc.; Citizens Financial Group, Inc.; Discover Financial
Services; Fifth Third Bancorp; Huntington Bancshares Incor-
porated; KeyCorp; M&T Bank Corporation; MUFG Americas
Holdings Corporation; RBC US Group Holdings LLC;
Regions Financial Corporation; Santander Holdings USA,
Inc.; and SunTrust Banks, Inc.
8 Pub. L. No. 115-97 (2017).
9 See Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, Dodd-
Frank Act Stress Test 2018: Supervisory Stress Test Methodol-
ogy and Results, (Washington, DC: Board of Governors,
June 2018), box 2, 
https://www.federalreserve.gov/publications/
files/2018-dfast-methodology-results-20180621.pdf. 
10 See Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, Dodd-
Frank Act Stress Test 2019: Supervisory Stress Test Methodol-
ogy, (Washington, DC: Board of Governors, March 2019),
https://www.federalreserve.gov/publications/files/2019-march-
supervisory-stress-test-methodology.pdf
. 
June 2019 3
In conducting the supervisory stress test, the Federal
Reserve projects capital levels and regulatory capital
ratios under stress over nine quarters, generally using
a set of pre-defined capital action assumptions. The
projections are based on macroeconomic scenarios
that are developed annually by the Federal Reserve.
11
The Federal Reserve calculates its projections of each
firm’s balance sheet, risk-weighted assets (RW As),
net income, and resulting regulatory capital ratios
under these scenarios using data on firms’ financial
conditions and risk characteristics provided by the
firms and a set of models developed or selected by
the Federal Reserve.
As in past years, the Federal Reserve enhanced some
of the supervisory models in advance of DFAST
2019. The supervisory stress test models may be
enhanced to reflect advances in modeling techniques;
enhancements in response to model validation find-
ings; incorporation of richer and more detailed data;
and identification of more stable models or models
with improved performance, particularly under
stressful economic conditions. These changes are
highlighted in 
box 1. 
The publication of supervisory model methodology
and other ongoing efforts to increase the transpar-
ency of the supervisory stress test are described in
box 2. 
11 The Board has issued and recently amended a policy statement
regarding its process for designing the scenarios. See Policy
Statement on the Scenario Design Framework for Stress Test-
ing, 84 Fed. Reg. 6651 (February 28, 2019), 
https://www
.federalregister.gov/documents/2019/02/28/2019-03504/
amendments-to-policy-statement-on-the-scenario-design-
framework-for-stress-testing
, 12 CFR part 252, appendix A.
4 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Supervisory Scenarios
On February 5, 2019, the Federal Reserve released
the three supervisory scenarios: baseline, adverse,
and severely adverse.
12 This section describes the
adverse and severely adverse scenarios that were used
for the projections contained in this report. These
scenarios were developed using the approach
described in the Board’s Policy Statement on the
Scenario Design Framework for Stress Testing. The
adverse and severely adverse scenarios are not fore-
casts but rather hypothetical scenarios designed to
assess the strength of banking organizations and
their resilience to an unfavorable economic
environment.
Supervisory scenarios include trajectories for 28 vari-
ables. These include 16 variables that capture eco-
nomic activity, asset prices, and interest rates in the
U.S. economy and financial markets and three vari-
ables (real gross domestic product (GDP) growth,
inflation, and the U.S./foreign currency exchange
rate) in each of the four countries/country blocks.
Similar to DFAST 2018, the Federal Reserve applied
a global market shock to the trading portfolio of
11 firms with large trading and private equity expo-
sures and a counterparty default scenario compo-
nent to 13 firms with substantial trading, processing,
or custodial operations (see 
Global Market Shock
and Counterparty Default Components).
Severely Adverse Scenario
Figures 5 through 10 illustrate the hypothetical tra-
jectories for some of the key variables describing
U.S. economic activity and asset prices under the
severely adverse scenario.
The severely adverse scenario is characterized by a
severe global recession accompanied by a period of
heightened stress in CRE markets and corporate
debt markets. This is a hypothetical scenario
designed to assess the strength of banking organiza-
tions and their resilience to unfavorable economic
conditions and does not represent a forecast of the
Federal Reserve.
The U.S. unemployment rate climbs to a peak of
10 percent in the third quarter of 2020. This change
in the unemployment rate is consistent with the
Board’s Policy Statement on the Scenario Design
Framework for Stress Testing. In line with the
increase in the unemployment rate, real GDP falls
about 8 percent from its pre-recession peak, reaching
a trough in the second quarter of 2019. The decline
in activity is accompanied by a lower headline con-
sumer price index (CPI) inflation, which falls to
about 1¼ percent at an annual rate in the first quar-
12 See Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (2019),
2019 Supervisory Scenarios for Annual Stress Tests Required
under the Dodd-Frank Act Stress Testing Rules and the Capital
Plan Rule (Washington, DC: Board of Governors, Febru-
ary 2019), 
https://www.federalreserve.gov/newsevents/
pressreleases/files/bcreg20190213a1.pdf for additional informa-
tion and for the details of the supervisory scenarios.
Figure 5. Unemployment rate in the severely adverse and
adverse scenarios, 2014:Q1–2022:Q1
2
4
6
8
10 
2022:Q1 
2021:Q1 
2020:Q1 
2019:Q1 
2018:Q1 
2017:Q1 
2016:Q1 
2015:Q1 
2014:Q1 
Adverse 
Severely adverse Percent 
Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics and Federal Reserve assumptions in the super-
visory scenarios.
5
ter of 2019 and then rises gradually to about 2 per-
cent at an annual rate by the second half of 2020.
As a result of the severe decline in real activity, the
interest rate for 3-month Treasury bills falls 2¼ per-
centage points and remains near zero through the
end of the scenario. The 10-year Treasury yield falls
by a somewhat smaller amount, resulting in a mildly
steeper yield curve. The 10-year Treasury yield
reaches a trough of about ¾ percent in the first
quarter of 2019 and rises gradually thereafter to
1½ percent by the first quarter of 2021 and 1¾ per-
cent by the first quarter of 2022. Financial condi-
tions in corporate and real estate lending markets are
stressed severely. The spread between yields on
investment-grade corporate bonds and yields on
long-term Treasury securities widens to 5½ percent
by the third quarter of 2019, an increase of 3½ per-
centage points relative to the fourth quarter of 2018.
Figure 6. Real GDP growth rate in the severely adverse and
adverse scenarios, 2014:Q1–2022:Q1
-10
-8 
-6 
-4 
-2 
0
2
4
6 Percent 
Adverse 
Severely adverse 
2022:Q1 
2021:Q1 
2020:Q1 
2019:Q1 
2018:Q1 
2017:Q1 
2016:Q1 
2015:Q1 
2014:Q1 
Source: Bureau of Economic Analysis and Federal Reserve assumptions in the
supervisory scenarios.
Figure 7. Dow Jones Total Stock Market Index in the
severely adverse and adverse scenarios, 2014:Q1–2022:Q1
10000 
15000 
20000 
25000 
30000 
35000 
2022:Q1 
2021:Q1 
2020:Q1 
2019:Q1 
2018:Q1 
2017:Q1 
2016:Q1 
2015:Q1 
2014:Q1 
Index level 
Adverse 
Severely adverse 
Source: Dow Jones and Federal Reserve assumptions in the supervisory
scenarios.
Figure 8. National House Price Index in the severely
adverse and adverse scenarios, 2014:Q1–2022:Q1
100
125
150
175
200
225
2022:Q1 
2021:Q1 
2020:Q1 
2019:Q1 
2018:Q1 
2017:Q1 
2016:Q1 
2015:Q1 
2014:Q1 
Index level 
Adverse 
Severely adverse 
Source: CoreLogic (seasonally adjusted by Federal Reserve) and Federal Reserve
assumptions in the supervisory scenarios.
Figure 9. U.S. BBB corporate yield in the severely adverse
and adverse scenarios, 2014:Q1–2022:Q1
3
4
5
6
7 Percentage yield 
Adverse 
Severely adverse 
2022:Q1 
2021:Q1 
2020:Q1 
2019:Q1 
2018:Q1 
2017:Q1 
2016:Q1 
2015:Q1 
2014:Q1 
Source: Merrill Lynch (adjusted by Federal Reserve using a Nelson-Siegel
smoothed yield curve model) and Federal Reserve assumptions in the supervisory
scenarios.
6 Supervisory Stress Test Results
The spread between mortgage rates and 10-year
Treasury yields widens to 3½ percentage points over
the same time period.
Asset prices drop sharply in this scenario. Equity
prices fall 50 percent through the end of 2019,
accompanied by a rise in the U.S. Market Volatility
Index (VIX), which reaches a peak of 70 percent.
House prices and CRE prices also experience large
declines of about 25 percent and 35 percent,
respectively.
The international component of this scenario fea-
tures severe recessions in the euro area, United King-
dom, and Japan and a shallow recession in develop-
ing Asia. As a result of the sharp contraction in eco-
nomic activity, all foreign economies included in the
scenario experience a decline in consumer prices. The
U.S. dollar appreciates against the euro, the pound
sterling, and the currencies of developing Asia but
depreciates modestly against the yen because of
flight-to-safety capital flows.
This year’s severely adverse scenario features a
greater increase in the unemployment rate in the
United States compared to last year’s scenario. This
increase in severity in that variable reflects the
Board’s Policy Statement on the Scenario Design
Framework for Stress Testing, which calls for a more
pronounced economic downturn when current con-
ditions are especially strong. Given a lower unem-
ployment rate at the beginning of this year’s scenario
compared to last year’s, the framework calls for a
correspondingly larger increase in the unemployment
rate in order to reach a peak of at least 10 percent.
In addition, 10-year Treasury yields fall in this year’s
scenario. By contrast, last year’s severely adverse sce-
nario featured unchanged 10-year Treasury yields
and a sharply steeper yield curve, reflecting a global
aversion to long-term fixed income assets, a develop-
ment not previously featured in a severely adverse
scenario. As a result, the declines in some asset
prices, such as stock prices, are more aligned with the
declines featured in the 2017 severely adverse
scenario.
Adverse Scenario
The adverse scenario is characterized by weakening
economic activity across all of the economies
included in the scenario, accompanied by a moderate
correction in asset prices and rise in volatility. This is
a hypothetical scenario designed to assess the
strength of banking organizations and their resil-
ience to adverse economic conditions, and does not
represent a forecast of the Federal Reserve.
The macroeconomic and financial developments in
this year’s adverse scenario are similar to the devel-
opments in the severely adverse scenario but are
more moderate in magnitude. As a result, the two
scenarios together allow for an investigation of the
relationship between firm-specific outcomes and the
intensity of economic and financial dislocations.
As in the severely adverse scenario, the unemploy-
ment rate peaks in the third quarter of 2020 but
reaches a lower level of 7 percent rather than 10 per-
cent. The U.S. economy experiences a recession, with
real GDP falling slightly more than 2¾ percent from
peak to trough. Reflecting weak economic condi-
tions, short-term interest rates and longer-term
Treasury yields fall. In addition, financial conditions
tighten and asset prices decline, but less intensely
compared to the severely adverse scenario. For
example, equity prices reach a trough at the end of
2019 in both scenarios, falling about 20 percent in
the adverse scenario and 50 percent in the severely
adverse scenario.
Following the recession, U.S. real activity picks up
slowly at first and then gains momentum. The
growth rate of U.S. real GDP increases from about
Figure 10. U.S. Market Volatility Index (VIX) in the severely
adverse and adverse scenarios, 2014:Q1–2022:Q1
10 
20 
30 
40 
50 
60 
70 Index level 
2022:Q1 
2021:Q1 
2020:Q1 
2019:Q1 
2018:Q1 
2017:Q1 
2016:Q1 
2015:Q1 
2014:Q1 
Adverse 
Severely adverse 
Source: Chicago Board Options Exchange (converted to quarterly by Federal
Reserve using the maximum quarterly close-of-day value) and Federal Reserve
assumptions in the supervisory scenarios.
June 2019 7
¾ of a percent in 2020 to about 3¼ percent in 2021.
The unemployment rate declines modestly, to about
6¼ percent by the end of the scenario period. Con-
sumer price inflation remains close to 2 percent
through the end of the scenario period. Yields on
10-year Treasury securities rise gradually to slightly
less than 2 percent by the end of the scenario period.
Outside of the United States, the adverse scenario
features moderate recessions in the euro area and the
United Kingdom, a slightly more protracted reces-
sion in Japan than elsewhere, and below-trend
growth in developing Asia. Weakness in global
demand results in slowing inflation in all of the for-
eign economies under consideration, including a
deflationary episode in Japan. Reflecting flight-to-
safety capital flows, the U.S. dollar appreciates
against the euro, the pound sterling, and the curren-
cies of developing Asia and depreciates modestly
against the yen.
Global Market Shock and
Counterparty Default Components
The Federal Reserve applied a global market shock
to the trading portfolios of 11 firms with large trad-
ing and private equity exposures.
13 In addition, the
Federal Reserve applied a largest counterparty
default (LCPD) component, which assumes the
default of a firm’s largest counterparty under the
global market shock, to the same 11 firms and two
other firms with substantial trading, processing, or
custodial operations.
14 These components are each
an add-on to the economic conditions and financial
market environment specified in the adverse and
severely adverse scenarios.
The global market shock is a set of hypothetical
shocks to a large set of risk factors, such as asset
prices, interest rates, and spreads, reflecting general
market distress and heightened uncertainty. The risk
factor shocks are calibrated to the period of time
over which market events would unfold, which varies
depending on the anticipated liquidity of different
risk types, but are applied to firms’ positions on a
given as-of date. Firms with significant trading activ-
ity were required to include the global market shock
in their estimates under the supervisory adverse and
severely adverse scenarios and recognize trading and
counterparty mark-to-market losses in the first quar-
ter of the planning horizon.
15 In addition, as dis-
cussed below, certain large and highly interconnected
firms were required to apply the same global market
shock to project losses under the LCPD component.
The as-of date for the global market shock is
November 5, 2018.
16
The global market shock component for the severely
adverse scenario features a significant weakening in
European economic conditions and spillover effects
that lead to sell-offs in financial assets more broadly.
The European distress leads to global market dislo-
cations, affecting U.S. and developing Asian and
other emerging markets. There is a sudden increase
in implied volatilities broadly, a large decline in
industrial and energy commodity prices, and a sig-
nificant widening in credit spreads, with an associ-
ated decline in market liquidity. Liquidity deteriora-
tion is most severe in those asset markets that are
typically less liquid, such as corporate debt and pri-
vate equity markets, and is less pronounced in those
markets that are typically more liquid, such as pub-
licly traded equity and currency markets. In addi-
tion, relationships between the prices of financial
assets that would normally be expected to move
together come under pressure and are weakened in
some cases. As a result, certain hedging strategies are
less effective than historical experience would
suggest.
Flight-to-quality capital flows push interest rates
down across the term structure in the U.S. and cer-
tain European countries, while emerging markets
13 The 11 firms subject to the global market shock are Bank of
America Corporation; Barclays US LLC; Citigroup Inc.; Credit
Suisse Holdings (USA), Inc.; DB USA Corporation; The Gold-
man Sachs Group, Inc.; HSBC North America Holdings Inc.;
JPMorgan Chase & Co.; Morgan Stanley; UBS Americas
Holding LLC; and Wells Fargo & Company. See 12 CFR
252.54(b)(2).
14 The 13 firms subject to the LCPD component are Bank of
America Corporation; The Bank of New Y ork Mellon Corpo-
ration; Barclays US LLC; Citigroup Inc.; Credit Suisse Hold-
ings (USA), Inc.; DB USA Corporation; The Goldman Sachs
Group, Inc.; HSBC North America Holdings Inc.; JPMorgan
Chase & Co.; Morgan Stanley; State Street Corporation; UBS
Americas Holding LLC; and Wells Fargo & Company. See
12 CFR 252.54(b)(2)(ii).
15 The global market shock component applies to a firm that is
subject to the supervisory stress test and that has aggregate
trading assets and liabilities of $50 billion or more, or aggregate
trading assets and liabilities equal to 10 percent or more of total
consolidated assets, and is not a large and noncomplex firm
under the Board’s capital plan rule (12 CFR 225.8).
16 A firm may use data as of the date that corresponds to its
weekly internal risk reporting cycle as long as it falls during the
business week of the as-of date for the global market shock
(i.e., November 5–9, 2018). Losses from the global market
shock will be assumed to occur in the first quarter of the plan-
ning horizon.
8 Supervisory Stress Test Results
and countries that are part of the European periph-
ery experience sharp increases in government yields.
Countries that are affected by flight-to-quality expe-
rience currency appreciation, while European and
emerging market currencies experience currency
depreciation against the U.S. dollar.
The major differences relative to the 2018 severely
adverse scenario include a heightened stress to Euro-
pean assets; a decline in the U.S. yield curve; an
appreciation of the U.S. dollar relative to most other
currencies; and more muted shocks to U.S. based
assets, such as U.S. agency and municipal products.
These differences are intended to reflect the more
Europe-focused nature of the stress and a general
flight-to-quality to U.S. markets.
As noted, firms with substantial trading or custodial
operations were required to incorporate the LCPD
component into their supervisory adverse and
severely adverse scenarios for DFAST 2019.
17 The
LCPD component involves the instantaneous and
unexpected default of the firm’s largest counter-
party.
18
In connection with the LCPD component, these
firms were required to estimate and report the poten-
tial losses and related effects on capital associated
with the instantaneous and unexpected default of
the counterparty that would generate the largest
losses across their derivatives and securities financing
activities, including securities lending and repurchase
or reverse repurchase agreement activities.
Each firm’s largest counterparty was determined by
net stressed losses, estimated by applying the global
market shock to revalue non-cash securities financ-
ing activity assets (securities or collateral) posted or
received, and by applying the global market shock to
the value of the trade position and non-cash collat-
eral exchanged for derivatives. The as-of date for the
LCPD scenario component is November 5, 2018—
the same date as the global market shock.
19
The global market shock component for the adverse
scenario simulates a marked decline in the economic
outlook for developing Asian markets. As a result,
sovereign credit spreads widen and currencies gener-
ally depreciate significantly in these markets. This
shock spreads to other global markets, which results
in increases in general risk premiums and credit risk.
U.S. interest rates move lower across the term struc-
ture. Due to a sharp reduction in demand from
developing Asia, most global commodity prices and
currencies of commodity exporters decline signifi-
cantly. Equity markets decline broadly.
The 2019 adverse scenario addresses themes similar
to those of the 2018 adverse scenario.
17 The Board may require a firm to include one or more addi-
tional components in its adverse and severely adverse scenarios
in the annual stress test based on the company’s financial con-
dition, size, complexity, risk profile, scope of operations, or
activities, or risks to the U.S. economy. See 12 CFR
252.54(b)(2)(ii).
18 Certain entities are excluded from the selection of a firm’s larg-
est counterparty, including Canada, France, Germany, Italy,
Japan, the United Kingdom, and the United States.
19 As with the global market shock, a firm subject to the LCPD
component may use data as of the date that corresponds to its
weekly internal risk reporting cycle as long as it falls during the
business week of the as-of date for the LCPD component (i.e.,
November 5–9, 2018). Losses will be assumed to occur in the
first quarter of the planning horizon.
June 2019 9

Supervisory Stress Test Framework and
Model Methodology
Overview of Modeling Framework
The Federal Reserve estimates the effect of supervi-
sory scenarios on the regulatory capital ratios of
firms participating in the supervisory stress test by
projecting the balance sheet, RW As, net income, and
resulting capital for each firm over a nine-quarter
planning horizon. Projected net income, adjusted for
the effect of taxes, is combined with capital action
assumptions and other components of regulatory
capital to produce post-stress capital ratios. The Fed-
eral Reserve’s approach to modeling post-stress capi-
tal ratios generally follows U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles (GAAP) and the regulatory
capital framework.
20  Figure 11 illustrates the frame-
work used to calculate changes in net income and
regulatory capital.
The Federal Reserve calculates projected pre-tax net
income for the firms subject to the supervisory stress
test by combining projections of revenue, expenses,
loan-loss provisions, and other losses, including the
following:
• PPNR
• provisions for loan and lease losses
• losses on loans held for sale (HFS) or for invest-
ment and measured under the fair-value option
(FVO)
• other-than-temporary impairment (OTTI) losses
on investment securities in the AFS and held-to-
maturity (HTM) portfolios
• losses on market risk exposures, credit valuation
adjustment (CV A), and incremental default risk
(IDR) for firms subject to the global market shock
• losses from a default of the largest counterparty
for firms with substantial trading, processing, or
custodial operations
The Federal Reserve projects these components of
pre-tax net income using supervisory models that
take the Board’s scenarios and firm-provided data as
inputs. Macroeconomic variables used in select
supervisory models vary across geographic locations
(e.g., by state or by county). The Federal Reserve
projects the paths of these variables as a function of
aggregate macroeconomic variables included in the
Board’s scenarios.
20 12 CFR part 217.
Figure 11. Projecting net income and regulatory capital
Net interest income + noninterest income – noninterest expense 
= pre-provision net revenue (PPNR) 
PPNR + other revenue – provisions – AFS/HTM securities losses – 
HFS/FVO loan losses – trading and counterparty losses  
= pre-tax net income 
Pre-tax net income – taxes – income attributable to minority interest 
– change in the valuation allowance 
= after-tax net income 
After-tax net income – net distributions to common and preferred shareholders 
 and other net reductions to shareholder's equity from DFAST assumptions + 
other comprehensive income 
= change in equity capital 
Change in equity capital – 
change in adjustments and deductions from regulatory capital + 
 other additions to regulatory capital 
= change in regulatory capital 
Note: Change in the allowance for loan and lease losses + net charge-offs 
= provisions 
Note: PPNR includes income from mortgage servicing rights and 
losses from operational-risk events and OREO costs. 
11
Pre-provision Net Revenue
PPNR is defined as net interest income (interest
income minus interest expense) plus noninterest
income minus noninterest expense. Consistent with
U.S. GAAP, the projection of PPNR includes pro-
jected losses due to operational-risk events and
expenses related to the disposition of real-estate-
owned properties.
21
The Federal Reserve models most components of
PPNR using a suite of models that generally relate
specific revenue and non-credit-related expenses to
the characteristics of firms and to macroeconomic
variables. These include eight components of interest
income, seven components of interest expense, six
components of noninterest income, and three com-
ponents of noninterest expense.
The Federal Reserve separately models losses from
operational risk and other real-estate-owned
(OREO) expenses. Operational risk is defined as “the
risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed inter-
nal processes, people and systems or from external
events.”
22 OREO expenses are those expenses related
to the disposition of real-estate-owned properties
and stem from defaults on first-lien mortgages.
Loan Losses and Provisions on the
Accrual Loan Portfolio
The Federal Reserve projects 13 quarters of losses on
loans in the accrual loan portfolio using one of two
modeling approaches: the expected-loss framework
or the net charge-off approach. For certain loans,
expected losses under the macroeconomic scenario
are estimated by projecting the probability of default
(PD), loss given default (LGD), and exposure at
default (EAD) for each quarter of the planning hori-
zon. Expected losses in each quarter are the product
of these three components.
Losses are modeled under the expected-loss frame-
work for the following loan categories:
• corporate loans, including graded commercial and
industrial (C&I) loans, agricultural loans, domestic
farm loans, international farm loans, loans to for-
eign governments, loans for purchasing and carry-
ing securities, other non-consumer loans, and
other leases
• CRE loans, including domestic and international
non-owner-occupied multifamily or nonfarm, non-
residential property loans and construction and
land development (C&LD) loans
• domestic first-lien residential mortgages
• domestic home equity loans (HELs) and home
equity lines of credit (HELOCs)
• domestic credit cards and charge cards
• domestic auto loans
The net charge-off approach projects losses over the
planning horizon using models that capture the his-
torical behavior of net charge-offs as a function of
macroeconomic and financial market conditions and
loan portfolio characteristics. The Federal Reserve
models losses under the net charge-off approach for
other consumer loans, business and corporate credit
cards, small-business loans, student loans, and inter-
national retail loans.
Losses on the accrual loan portfolio flow into net
income through provisions for loan and lease losses.
Provisions for loan and lease losses for each quarter
equal projected loan losses for the quarter plus the
change in the allowance for loan and lease losses
(ALLL) needed to cover the subsequent four quar-
ters of expected loan losses, taking into account loan
loss reserves established by the firm as of the effec-
tive date of the stress test exercise.
The Federal Reserve assumes that ALLL at the end
of each quarter covers projected loan losses for four
quarters into the future.
23 The supervisory estimate
of ALLL at the start of the planning horizon, which
is based on projected losses under the adverse or
severely adverse scenarios, may differ from a firm’s
established allowance at the beginning of the plan-
ning horizon, which is based on the firm’s estimate
of incurred losses on the effective date of the stress
test.
24 Any difference between the supervisory calcu-
lation of ALLL and the firm’s reported allowance at
21 PPNR projections do not include debt valuation adjustment,
which is not included in regulatory capital.
22 See “Basel II: International Convergence of Capital Measure-
ment and Capital Standards,” 
https://www.bis.org/publ/
bcbs107.htm. 
23 See SR letter 06-17, “Interagency Policy Statement on the
Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses (ALLL),” December 13,
2006, 
https://www.federalreserve.gov/boarddocs/srletters/2006/
SR0617.htm. 
24 With regard to Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13,
Financial Instruments – Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measure-
ment of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments (CECL), the
Board stated that the supervisory stress test modeling frame-
work as it relates to CECL would not be altered for the 2019,
2020, or 2021 cycles. See “Statement on the current expected
12 Supervisory Stress Test Results
the beginning of the planning horizon is linearly
smoothed into the Federal Reserve’s provisions pro-
jection over the nine quarters.
Losses on Loans Measured on a Fair-Value
Basis
Certain loans are accounted for on a fair-value basis
instead of on an accrual basis. For example, if a loan
is accounted for using the FVO, it is marked to mar-
ket and the accounting value of the loan changes as
market risk factors and fundamentals change. Simi-
larly, loans that are held for sale are accounted for at
the lower of cost or market value.
The models for these asset classes project gains and
losses on the banks’ FVO/HFS loan portfolios over
the nine-quarter planning horizon, net of any
hedges, by applying the scenario-specific path of
interest rates and credit spreads to loan yields.
Losses are modeled under this approach for the fol-
lowing loan categories:
• FVO/HFS C&I loans
• FVO/HFS CRE loans
• FVO/HFS residential mortgages, student loans,
auto loans, and credit cards
Gains and losses on HFS C&I and CRE loans are
estimated using a model specific to those asset
classes. Gains and losses on FVO/HFS retail loans
are modeled separately.
Losses on Securities in the
Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity
Portfolios
The Federal Reserve estimates two types of losses on
AFS or HTM securities related to investment activi-
ties.
25 First, for securities classified as AFS, projected
changes in the fair value of the securities due to
changes in interest rates and other factors will result
in unrealized gains or losses that are recognized in
capital for some firms through other comprehensive
income (OCI).
26 Second, when the fair value of a
security falls below its amortized cost, OTTI on the
security may be recorded. With the exception of cer-
tain government-backed obligations, both AFS and
HTM securities are at risk of incurring credit losses
leading to OTTI.
27 The models project security-level
OTTI relating to credit losses, using as an input the
projected fair value for each security over the nine-
quarter planning horizon under the macroeconomic
scenarios.
Securities at risk of credit-related OTTI include the
following securitizations and direct debt obligations:
• corporate debt securities
• sovereign debt securities (other than U.S. govern-
ment obligations)
• municipal debt securities
• non-agency mortgage-backed, asset-backed, collat-
eralized loan obligation (CLO), and collateralized
debt obligation (CDO) securities
Gains or Losses on the Fair Value of
Available-for-Sale Securities
The fair value of securities in the AFS portfolio may
change in response to the macroeconomic scenarios.
Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gains and losses on
AFS securities are reflected in accumulated OCI
(AOCI) but do not flow through net income.
28
Under the regulatory capital rule, AOCI must be
incorporated into CET1 for certain firms. The incor-
poration of AOCI in regulatory capital is described
in 
Calculation of Regulatory Capital Ratios. 
credit loss methodology (CECL) and stress testing,” https://
www.federalreserve.gov/newsevents/pressreleases/files/
bcreg20181221b1.pdf
. 
25 This portfolio does not include securities held for trading.
Losses on these securities are projected by the model that proj-
ects gains and losses on trading exposures.
26 OCI is accounted for outside of net income. Under regulatory
capital rules, accumulated OCI (AOCI) that arises from unreal-
ized changes in the value of AFS securities must be incorpo-
rated into CET1 for firms subject to the advanced approaches
and other firms that do not opt out of including AOCI in regu-
latory capital. The Board has proposed to amend its prudential
standards to allow firms with total consolidated assets of less
than $700 billion and cross-jurisdictional activity of less than
$75 billion to opt out of including AOCI in regulatory capital
(83 Fed. Reg. 61408 (November 29, 2018)).
27 Certain government-backed securities, such as U.S. Treasuries,
U.S. government agency obligations, U.S. government agency
or government-sponsored enterprise (GSE) mortgage-backed
securities (MBS), Federal Family Education Loan Program
(FFELP) student loan asset-backed securities, and pre-
refunded municipal bonds, are assumed not to be subject to
credit-related OTTI charges.
28 Unrealized gains and losses on equity securities are recognized
in net income and affect regulatory capital for all firms. Finan-
cial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards
Update No. 2016-01.
June 2019 13
Unrealized gains and losses are calculated as the dif-
fer
ence between each security’s fair value and its
amortized cost. The amortized cost of each AFS
security is equivalent to the purchase price of a debt
security, which is periodically adjusted if the debt
security was purchased at a price other than par or
face value, has a principal repayment, or has an
impairment recognized in earnings.
29
OCI losses from AFS securities are computed
directly from the projected change in fair value, tak-
ing into account OTTI losses and applicable interest-
rate hedges on securities. All debt securities held in
the AFS portfolio are subject to OCI losses, includ-
ing the following securities:
• U.S. Treasuries
29 The fair value of each AFS security is projected over the nine-
quarter planning horizon using either a present-value calcula-
tion, a full revaluation using a security-specific discounted cash
f
low model, or a duration-based approach, depending on the
asset class.
Box 1. Model Changes for DFAST 2019
Each year , the Federal Reserve has reﬁned both the
d
esign and execution of the Dodd-Frank Act supervi-
sory stress test, including its development and
enhancement of independent supervisory models.
The supervisory stress test models may be enhanced
to reﬂect advances in modeling techniques; enhance-
ments in response to model validation ﬁndings; incor-
poration of richer and more detailed data; and identi-
ﬁcation of more stable models or models with
improved performance, particularly under stressful
economic conditions.
For DFAST 2019, the Federal Reserve enhanced the
models that project auto loan losses, credit card
losses, corporate loan losses, fair value for debt
securities, and commercial real estate (CRE) loan
losses. In addition to these model changes, the Fed-
eral Reserve made other less material enhancements
to simplify the models and account for changes in
the historical data used to estimate the models.
1
Enhancements to the Auto Loan Model
The Federal Reserve enhanced the probability of
default (PD) and loss given default (LGD) compo-
nents of the auto loan model. These reﬁnements
include changes to the way certain risk drivers are
captured in the model, which reduces volatility from
historical macroeconomic movements, and an
adjustment to newly originated accounts to better
reﬂect their higher credit risk compared to otherwise
similar accounts.
Collectively, the enhancements resulted in a small
increase in overall projected auto loan losses; how-
ever , for ﬁrms with large domestic auto loan portfo-
lios, the changes resulted in materially higher pro-
jected losses. Consistent with the Federal Reserve’s
stated policy for material model changes, the auto
loan loss estimates for DFAST 2019 reﬂect the aver-
age of estimates from the model used in DFAST 2018
and estimates from the updated model. Auto loan
loss estimates for DFAST 2020 will only reﬂect the
updated model.2
Phase-In and Additional Reﬁnements to the
Credit Card Model
The Federal Reserve began a two-year transition to an
updated credit card model in DFAST 2018, and the
updated model is fully in effect for DFAST 2019. The
two-year phase-in policy was employed because the
credit card model reﬁnements materially affected the
forecasted credit card losses for a number of ﬁrms.
The 2018 changes to the credit card model were
described in the 2018 model change disclosure letter. 3
Additionally, the Federal Reserve reﬁned the way the
model treats uncollected interest and fees in the
exposure at default (EAD) component of the model.
Data from more recent periods that include a larger
set of ﬁrms supported a slight reduction in the
assumed percentage of uncollected interest and fee
income.
The collective impact resulted in a slight increase in
overall losses projected by the domestic credit card
model, with larger increases for ﬁrms with material
bank card exposures.4
Reﬁned Treatment of Missing Firm-Reported
Corporate Loan Data
The Federal Reserve reﬁned the treatment of missing
ﬁrm-reported corporate loan data to better align the
(continued on next page)
1 Portfolios with material model changes are deﬁned as those in
which the change in revenue or losses exceeds 50 basis points
for any ﬁrm individually under the severely adverse scenario,
expressed as a percentage of risk-weighted assets (RWAs),
based on data and scenarios from DFAST 2018. In cases in which
a portfolio contains more than one change, materiality is deﬁned
by the total change in revenue or losses arising from all changes.
2 The Federal Reserve phases in the most material model enhance-
ments over two stress test cycles to smooth the effect on post-
stress capital ratios. See 84 Fed. Reg. 6664 (Feb. 28, 2019).
3 See “Enhancements to Federal Reserve Models Used to Estimate
Post-Stress Capital Ratios,” March 2, 2018, https://
www .federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg/ﬁles/model-
change-letter-20180302.pdf.
4 Analysis conducted using data and scenarios from DFAST 2018
and 2019. The effect on projections for future years is uncertain
and will depend on changes in ﬁrm portfolios, data, and
scenarios.
14 Supervisory Stress Test Results
• U.S. Agency securities
• corporate debt securities
• sovereign debt securities
• municipal debt securities
• mortgage-backed, asset-backed, CLO, and CDO
securities
Losses on Trading and Private Equity
Exposures and Credit Valuation
Adjustment
The global market shock, which applies to a subset
of firms, is a set of hypothetical shocks to market
values and risk factors that affect the market value of
Box 1. Model Changes for DFAST 2019 —continued
treatment of missing data in the corporate loan port- 
folio with other portfolios. Under the reﬁned treat- 
ment, the Federal Reserve assigns a conservative 
loss rate for an entire portfolio when a certain propor-
tion of the loans are missing required model inputs. 
Analysis suggests the reﬁned treatment remains 
appropriately conservative. 
The reﬁnement resulted in a small decrease in overall 
losses projected by the corporate loan model. How- 
ever , for certain ﬁrms that are unable to report vari- 
ables required by the corporate loan model, the 
change was material. 
Enhancement to the Risk Drivers in the Debt Fair 
Value Model
Certain models used to project fair value for debt 
securities were enhanced to increase modeling ﬂex- 
ibility and better align with historical trends. The risk 
drivers for agency mortgage-backed securities 
(MBS), such as option-adjusted spread (OAS), now 
ﬂexibly vary over the planning horizon. The Federal 
Reserve also adopted a new model to project the 
OAS for sovereign bonds. In DFAST 2018, the OAS 
was projected using a scenario-based regression 
model. The new model projects the OAS based on 
high-percentile historical movements in sovereign 
bond spreads. 
Collectively, the enhancements to the risk drivers in 
the debt fair value model resulted in a minimal 
increase in overall other comprehensive income 
(OCI), with material increases for ﬁrms with large 
holdings of sovereign bonds. Consistent with the 
Federal Reserve’s stated policy for material model 
changes, projections of OCI for DFAST 2019 reﬂect 
the average OCI under the two approaches for pro- 
jecting sovereign bond OAS, and projections for 
DFAST 2020 will only reﬂect the new model. 
Reﬁnements to the Commercial Real Estate Loan
Model
The Federal Reserve reﬁned the CRE LGD model and 
made a number of other minor changes to the CRE 
loan-loss model. The previous LGD model relied on 
reported charge-off and loan reserve data, which led 
to idiosyncratic reporting differences across ﬁrms. 
The change improves consistency by using a com- 
mon data source and framework for the projection of 
LGD. Additionally, the Federal Reserve simpliﬁed the 
process for calculating auxiliary risk drivers. Under 
the new approach, a single conceptual framework is 
used to project auxiliary risk drivers, which increases 
consistency and decreases complexity.
The reﬁnements resulted in a slight increase in overall
projected CRE loan losses in the aggregate. For cer-
tain ﬁrms, these reﬁnements resulted in modestly
larger increases or slight declines in loan losses, 
depending on the risk characteristics of their
portfolios. 
Re-estimation of and Reﬁnements to Other 
Supervisory Models 
Each year , the Federal Reserve makes a number of 
relatively minor reﬁnements to models that may 
include re-estimation with new data, re-speciﬁcation 
based on performance testing, and other reﬁnements 
to the code used to produce supervisory projections. 
In 2019, models most affected by these reﬁnements 
are the models for certain components of pre- 
provision net revenue (PPNR), ﬁrst- and second-lien 
mortgages, trading and counterparty, other retail,
operational risk, and the calculation of regulatory 
capital ratios. With the exception of the changes to 
certain components of PPNR, the reﬁnements collec- 
tively resulted in a minimal change in post-stress 
capital ratios with no material impacts on any ﬁrm. 
The Federal Reserve re-estimated the PPNR models
with more data to better reﬂect recent performance in 
PPNR while keeping the structure of the model 
unchanged. For this cycle, the re-estimation resulted 
in a small decrease in aggregate PPNR forecasts 
relative to DFAST 2018 due to weaker PPNR perfor-
mance in the most recent year , particularly for net 
interest income. Additionally, longer time-series data 
for new intermediate holding companies (IHCs) and 
historical data revisions changed the estimation data. 
June 2019 15
firms’ trading and private equity positions.30 The
design of the global market shock component differs
from the design of the nine-quarter macroeconomic
scenario in that it assumes the losses are incurred
instantaneously at the start of the planning horizon
rather than gradually over nine quarters.
The trading and private equity model generates loss
estimates related to trading and private equity posi-
tions under the global market shock. In addition, the
global market shock is applied to firm counterparty
exposures to generate losses due to changes in CV A.
Like other components of the supervisory stress test,
the Federal Reserve designed the global market
shock component according to its model design prin-
ciples. Given the unpredictable nature of the dura-
tion and timing of market shocks, the global market
30 The global market shock in the 2019 supervisory stress test
applies to firms that have aggregate trading assets and liabilities
of $50 billion or more or trading assets and liabilities equal to
or greater than 10 percent of total consolidated assets. See
82 Fed. Reg. 59608 (December 15, 2017).
Box 2. Recent Efforts to Increase Transparency of the Supervisory Stress T est
Through the Dodd-Frank Act supervisory stress test
ex
ercise and other supervisory programs, the Federal
Reserve promotes the soundness and stability of the
ﬁnancial system and the U.S. economy. Regular,
public disclosure of information about the supervi-
sory stress test models, methodology, and results
can enhance the credibility of the stress test; further
the goal of maintaining market and public conﬁdence
in the ﬁnancial system; and lead to improvements in
the Federal Reserve’s approaches. For these rea-
sons, the Board publishes detailed information about
its stress tests every year .
Annual disclosures of the stress test results and of
information about supervisory models represent a
signiﬁcant increase in the transparency of large bank
supervision in the United States compared to the
pre-crisis period. The Board has recently taken a
number of steps to further increase the transparency
of the stress test.
In February 2019, after seeking public comment, the
Board adopted a ﬁnal package of three proposals
designed to increase the transparency of the supervi-
sory stress test.
1 First, a ﬁnal notice of enhanced
model disclosure describes a public document that
would provide more information about supervisory
stress test models and include granular loss rates
produced by those models. Second, a ﬁnal Stress
T esting Policy Statement explains the Federal
Reserve’s approach to the development, validation,
implementation, and use of supervisory stress test
models. Third, ﬁnal amendments to the Policy State-
ment on the Scenario Design Framework for Stress
T esting clarify the Board’s approach to setting the
path of the unemployment rate and house prices in
the macroeconomic scenario. T ogether , these three
elements represent an increase in the transparency of
the supervisory stress test.
In March 2019, consistent with the ﬁnal notice of
enhanced model disclosure, the Board published a
new document containing detailed information about
the supervisory stress test models.
2 The supervisory
stress test methodology disclosure provides
enhanced descriptions of the supervisory stress test
models, ranges of loss rates for loans that are
grouped by distinct risk characteristics, and portfo-
lios of hypothetical loans with associated loss rates
projected by the Federal Reserve’s models. The last
two items are provided for the models used to proj-
ect losses on corporate loan and credit card portfo-
lios, which account for about 60 percent of total pro-
jected loan losses in the 2019 stress test exercise.
The Board plans to publish this disclosure annually in
advance of the stress test exercise. Accordingly, this
document no longer contains descriptions of supervi-
sory models.
In addition, beginning with this disclosure, the Fed-
eral Reserve is publishing decompositions of its pre-
provision net revenue (PPNR) projections by net inter-
est income, noninterest income, and noninterest
expense for each ﬁrm. Also, to facilitate the analysis
of stress test results, the Board plans to post to its
public website for the ﬁrst time a dataset of all past
results. The data will facilitate analysis of the supervi-
sory stress test results by members of the public.
Finally, in July 2019, the Board will host the Stress
T esting: A Discussion and Review conference to
gather insights on the transparency and effectiveness
of the stress tests and how the stress tests can
remain a dynamic and useful tool for large bank
supervision. The conference will bring together aca-
demics, regulators, bankers, and other stakeholders
and will be live-streamed so that interested members
of the public can view the proceedings.
1 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, “Federal
Reserve Board ﬁnalizes set of changes that will increase the 
transparency of its stress testing program for nation's largest 
and most complex banks,” press release, February 5, 2019, 
https://www.federalreserve.gov/newsevents/pressreleases/
bcreg20190205a.htm.
2 See Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, Dodd-
Frank Act Stress Test 2019: Supervisory Stress Test 
Methodology,(Washington, DC: Board of Governors, March 
2019), https://www .federalreserve.gov/publications/ﬁles/2019-
march-supervisory-stress-test-methodology.pdf.
16 Supervisory Stress Test Results
shock component assumes that the market disloca-
tion affects the value of trading exposures instanta-
neously. The assumption is consistent with the Fed-
eral Reserve’s model design principles that empha-
size the use of conservative and forward-looking
projections, particularly in the face of uncertainty.
The trading and private equity model covers a wide
range of firms’ exposures to asset classes such as
public equity, foreign exchange, interest rates, com-
modities, securitized products, traded credit (e.g.,
municipals, auction rate securities, corporate credit,
and sovereign credit), private equity, and other fair-
value assets. Loss projections are constructed by
applying movements specified in the global market
shock to market values of firm-provided positions
and risk factor sensitivities.
31
Incremental Default Risk
The Federal Reserve separately estimates the risk of
losses arising from a jump-to-default of issuers of
debt securities in the trading book in excess of mark-
to-market losses calculated by the trading model.
Trading losses associated with incremental default
risk account for concentration risk in U.S. agencies,
trading book securitization positions, and corporate,
sovereign, and municipal bonds. The model measures
the potential for jump-to-default losses as a function
of the macroeconomic scenario. These losses are
applied in each of the nine quarters of the planning
horizon.
Largest Counterparty Default Losses
The LCPD component is applied to firms with sub-
stantial trading or custodial operations. The LCPD
captures the risk of losses due to an unexpected
default of the counterparty whose default on all
derivatives and securities financing transactions
(SFTs) would generate the largest stressed losses for
a firm.
Consistent with the Federal Reserve’s modeling prin-
ciples, losses associated with the LCPD component
are recognized instantaneously in the first quarter of
the planning horizon.
Balance Projections and the
Calculation of Regulatory Capital
Ratios
Balance Sheet Items and Risk-Weighted
Assets
The Federal Reserve projects asset and liability bal-
ances using a common framework for determining
the effect of its scenarios on balance sheet growth.
This framework is consistent with the Federal
Reserve’s policy that aggregate credit supply does
not contract during the stress period. The policy pro-
motes the Federal Reserve’s goal of helping to ensure
that large financial firms remain sufficiently capital-
ized to accommodate credit demand in a severe
downturn.
The balance sheet projections are based on historical
data from the Federal Reserve’s Financial Accounts
of the United States (Z.1) statistical release.
The Federal Reserve projects credit RW A and market
RW A (MRW A) separately. In the projection of credit
RW A, the Federal Reserve assumes that features of
the credit portfolio and non-trading book assets
remain constant during the projection period, while
the projection of MRW A takes into account changes
in market conditions assumed in the supervisory
scenarios.
Calculation of Regulatory Capital Ratios
The five regulatory capital measures in DFAST 2019
are the CET1, tier 1 risk-based capital, total risk-
based capital, tier 1 leverage, and supplementary
leverage ratios (see 
table 1). A firm’s regulatory capi-
tal ratios are calculated in accordance with the
Board’s regulatory capital rules using Federal
Reserve projections of assets, RW As, and off-balance
sheet exposures.
Pre-tax net income and the other scenario-dependent
components of the regulatory capital ratios are com-
bined with additional information, including
assumptions about taxes and capital distributions, to
calculate post-stress regulatory capital. In that calcu-
lation, the Federal Reserve first adjusts pre-tax net
income to account for taxes and other components
31 The trading model is also used to calculate gains or losses on
firms’ portfolios of hedges on credit valuation adjustment
exposures (CV A hedges).
June 2019 17
of net income, such as income attributable to minor-
ity interests, to arrive at after-tax net income.
32
The Federal Reserve calculates the change in equity
capital over the planning horizon by combining pro-
jected after-tax net income with changes in AOCI,
assumed capital distributions, and other components
of equity capital. The path of regulatory capital over
the planning horizon is calculated by combining the
projected change in equity capital with the firm’s
starting capital position and accounting for other
adjustments to regulatory capital specified in the
Board’s regulatory capital framework.
33
The denominator of each firm’s regulatory capital
ratios, other than the leverage ratios, is calculated
using the standardized approach for calculating
RW As for each quarter of the planning horizon, in
accordance with the transition arrangements in the
Board’s capital rules.
34
Capital Action Assumptions
To project post-stress capital ratios for the Dodd-
Frank Act supervisory stress test, the Federal
Reserve uses a standardized set of capital action
assumptions that are specified in the Dodd-Frank
Act stress test rules. Generally, common stock divi-
dend payments are assumed to continue at the same
level as the previous year. Scheduled dividend, inter-
est, or principal payments on any other capital
instrument eligible for inclusion in the numerator of
a regulatory capital ratio are assumed to be paid, and
repurchases of such capital instruments are assumed
to be zero.
The capital action assumptions do not include issu-
ances of new common stock or preferred stock,
except for issuances related to expensed employee
compensation or in connection with planned mergers
or acquisitions that have been reflected in the firm’s
pro forma balance sheet estimates.
35 The projection
of post-stress capital ratios includes capital actions
and other changes in the balance sheet associated
with any business plan changes under a given
scenario.
For the first quarter of the planning horizon, capital
actions for each firm are assumed to be the actual
actions taken by the firm during that quarter. Over
the remaining eight quarters, common stock divi-
dend payments are generally assumed to be the aver-
age of the first quarter of the planning horizon and
the three preceding calendar quarters.
36 Also, firms
are assumed to pay scheduled dividend, interest, or
principal payments on any other capital instrument
32 The Federal Reserve applies a consistent tax rate of 21 percent
to pre-tax net income and accounts for deferred tax assets.
33 The regulatory capital framework specifies that regulatory capi-
tal ratios account for items subject to adjustment or deduction
in regulatory capital, limits the recognition of certain assets
that are less loss-absorbing, and imposes other restrictions.
34 See 12 CFR 252.42(m); 80 Fed. Reg. 75,419; 12 CFR part 217,
subpart G.
35 See 12 CFR 252.56(b).
36 Additionally, common stock dividends attributable to issuances
related to expensed employee compensation or in connection
with a planned merger or acquisition are included to the extent
that they are reflected in the firm’s pro forma balance sheet esti-
mates. This assumption provides consistency with assumptions
regarding issuance of common stock.
Table 1. Applicable capital ratios and calculations for firms in the 2019 Dodd-Frank Act stress tests
 Capital ratio
 Calculation, by aspect of ratio
 Capital in numerator  Denominator
  Common equity tier 1 ratio  Definition of regulatory
capital
 Standardized
approach RWAs
  Tier 1 ratio  Definition of regulatory
capital
 Standardized
approach RWAs
  Total capital ratio  Definition of regulatory
capital
 Standardized
approach RWAs
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  Definition of regulatory
capital
 Average assets
  Supplementary leverage ratio
 Definition of regulatory
capital
 Average assets and
off-balance sheet
exposures
18 Supervisory Stress Test Results
eligible for inclusion in the numerator of a regulatory
capital ratio. However, repurchases of such capital
instruments and issuance of stock are assumed to be
zero, except for issuance of common or preferred
stock associated with expensed employee compensa-
tion or in connection with a planned merger or
acquisition.
Data Inputs
Most of the data used in the Federal Reserve’s stress
test projections are collected through the Capital
Assessments and Stress Testing (FR Y-14A/Q/M)
information collection, which include a set of
annual, quarterly, or monthly schedules.
37 These
reports collect detailed data on PPNR, loans, securi-
ties, trading and counterparty risk, losses related to
operational-risk events, and business plan changes.
Each of the 18 firms participating in DFAST 2019
submitted data as of December 31, 2018, through
the FR Y-14M and FR Y-14Q reports in February,
March, and April 2019. The same firms submitted
the FR Y-14A reports, which also include projected
data, on April 5, 2019.
Consistent with the Board’s Stress Testing Policy
Statement, the Federal Reserve makes certain
assumptions about missing data or data with defi-
ciencies significant enough to preclude the use of
supervisory models. Given a reasonable set of
assumptions or approaches, all else equal, the Fed-
eral Reserve will opt to use those that result in larger
losses or lower revenue.
The conservative assumptions applied depend on the
nature of the data deficiency.
38 Where possible and
appropriate, conservative values are assigned to spe-
cific deficient data items reported in the FR Y-14
information collection. For example, if certain obser-
vations in the first-lien mortgage portfolio were miss-
ing credit scores, the Federal Reserve would apply to
those observations the 90th percentile credit score
across all FR Y-14M submissions for that portfolio.
In other cases in which the data deficiency is severe
enough that a modeled estimate cannot be produced
for a portfolio segment or portfolio, the Federal
Reserve may assign a conservative rate (e.g., the
10th percentile PPNR rate or the 90th percentile loss
rate) to that segment or portfolio. In general, conser-
vative portfolio loss rates are calculated at the most
granular definition of a portfolio possible. For
example, home equity losses are comprised of losses
on HELOCs and HELs. If a given firm reported
deficient data for its HELOC portfolio only, then the
overall home equity losses for that firm would be
based on a conservative loss rate applied to the
HELOC portfolio, but HEL projected losses would
be modeled using the supervisory model.
Firms are required to submit detailed loan and secu-
rities information for all material portfolios, where
portfolios categories are defined in the FR Y-14M
and FR Y-14Q instructions. The definition of a port-
folio’s materiality varies and depends primarily on
the firm’s complexity. Each firm has the option to
either submit or not submit the relevant data sched-
ule for a given portfolio that does not meet the mate-
riality threshold. If the firm does not submit data on
its immaterial portfolio(s), the Federal Reserve will
assign the median loss rate estimated across the set
of firms with material portfolios.
Modeling Approaches for IHCs
Newly Subject to the Supervisory
Stress Test
In 2018, six IHCs became subject to the supervisory
stress test for the first time (new entrant IHCs), and
four of those firms were also subject to the supervi-
sory stress test in 2019. The remaining two IHCs are
effectively on an extended stress test cycle for 2019.
In DFAST 2019, the Federal Reserve modified its
approach to modeling revenues and certain types of
losses for these firms, given a lack of available data
sufficient to produce certain modeled estimates.
39
Specifically, the certain components of PPNR and
operational-risk losses reflect different treatment of
these IHCs compared to the other firms subject to
the supervisory stress test. In each case, the modified
37 The FR Y-14 reports are available on the Federal Reserve web-
site at 
https://www.federalreserve.gov/apps/reportforms/default
.aspx. 
38 The Federal Reserve has established conservative approaches
for missing or insufficient data for its core PPNR, operational-
risk loss, retail loan loss, wholesale loan loss, securities loss, fair
value loan loss, and CV A models. The methodology the Federal
Reserve uses to implement these assumptions may vary some-
what across supervisory models.
39 These firms are Barclays US LLC; Credit Suisse Holdings
(USA), Inc.; DB USA Corporation; and UBS Americas Hold-
ing LLC. These firms became subject to the capital plan rule
and were required to submit capital plans to the Federal
Reserve for the first time in 2017.
June 2019 19
approach uses modeled estimates for the remaining
firms in the stress test. The Federal Reserve uses the
same models it uses for all other firms to estimate
loan losses for new entrant IHCs, based on the data
the firms provided.
Because the new entrant IHCs were formed as of
July 1, 2016, the historical data reported for the legal
entity are in most cases insufficient to apply the
supervisory models of core PPNR components to
those firms. The modified PPNR projection for the
new entrant IHCs is generally based on the industry
aggregate performance for each revenue and expense
component. The ratio for each PPNR component to
the relevant asset or liability balance as of Decem-
ber 31, 2018 is generally set equal to its median his-
torical value between the first and fourth quarters of
2018. Over the planning horizon, this ratio is
assumed to move by the same number of basis
points as the aggregate ratio for the industry exclud-
ing the four new entrant IHCs.
In DFAST 2019, certain components of core PPNR
can now be projected using supervisory models,
given additional available data. First, for IHCs sub-
ject to the global market shock, the Federal Reserve
models trading revenues in the aggregate as a func-
tion of stock market returns and changes in stock
market volatility and allocates revenues to each firm
based on a measure of the firm’s market share.
Where measures of market share are available for the
IHCs, the trading revenue model is used. Second, the
supervisory model is used for certain noninterest
income and noninterest expense components that are
projected as the median of the firm’s ratio over the
most recent eight quarters.
Operational-risk losses are also projected using a
modified approach for the four IHCs, given the lack
of a historical measure of total assets that is consis-
tent over time and across firms. The historical simu-
lation model applies to firms with sufficient histori-
cal operational-loss data submitted on the FR Y-14Q
reports cannot be applied to these firms. In place of
the historical simulation model, a modified model
assigns each new entrant IHC the average projected
loss produced by the historical simulation model,
normalized by total assets. This modified model
scales the average projected loss by these firms’ total
assets as of December 31, 2018.
Instead of calculating each firm’s projected losses as
the average of the regression model and historical
simulation approach, projected operational-risk
losses for these firms are calculated as the average of
the regression model and the modified model
described above.
In DFAST 2019, new entrant IHCs with significant
trading activity and HSBC North America Holdings
Inc. became subject to the full global market shock
component. These firms had been subject to the
supervisory market risk component in DFAST 2018.
Under the supervisory market risk component, the
Federal Reserve applied loss rates to certain expo-
sures, based on losses resulting from the global mar-
ket shock and LCPD components for the six domes-
tic firms in 2014–17.
20 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Supervisory Stress Test Results
This section describes the Federal Reserve’s projec-
tions of RW As, losses, revenues, expenses, and capital
positions for the 18 firms participating in DFAST
2019 under the severely adverse and adverse sce-
narios. Results are presented both in the aggregate
for the 18 firms and for individual firms. The aggre-
gate results provide a sense of the stringency of the
adverse and severely adverse scenario projections
and the sensitivities of losses, revenues, and capital at
these firms as a group to the stressed economic and
financial market conditions contained in those sce-
narios. The range of results across individual firms
reflects differences in business focus, asset composi-
tion, revenue and expense sources, and portfolio risk
characteristics. The comprehensive results for indi-
vidual firms are reported in 
appendix B. 
For DFAST 2019, the Board is also disclosing the
breakouts of PPNR into three components: net
interest income, noninterest income, and noninterest
expense. This is reflected in the results for this year.
Y ear-over-year changes in supervisory stress test
results reflect changes in
1. firm starting capital positions;
2. scenarios used for the supervisory stress test;
3. portfolio composition and risk characteris-
tics; and
4. models used in the supervisory stress test.
Severely Adverse Scenario
The aggregate capital ratio is projected to decline to
a minimum of 9.2 percent (see 
table 2).
For the 18 firms subject to the supervisory stress test
in 2019, PPNR is lower compared to DFAST 2018,
primarily as a result of a flatter yield curve in the
scenario and the resulting compression in net interest
margin.
Total loan losses are $295.8 billion, compared to
$317.6 billion for these firms in the DFAST 2018
exercise. Corporate and CRE loan losses are lower
compared to those in DFAST 2018 because the wid-
ening of spreads on BBB corporate bonds is smaller
than in the DFAST 2019 severely adverse scenario.
Losses on residential mortgages are lower, driven by
a smaller decline in house prices compared to the
DFAST 2018 scenario. Credit card loss rates have
increased in the aggregate, due in part to the final
phase-in of changes to the supervisory credit card
model.
Lower losses in DFAST 2019 offset lower PPNR,
resulting in the same decline in pre-tax net income as
a percent of average total assets as in DFAST 2018
(see 
figure 4).
Credit spreads and interest rates are two key drivers
of unrealized gains and losses on AFS securities. In
DFAST 2018, these features in the scenario resulted
in projected unrealized losses on AFS securities. A
more muted widening of credit spreads and a larger
downward shift in the yield curve in the scenario
resulted in projected unrealized gains on AFS securi-
ties in DFAST 2019.
Stressed Regulatory Capital Ratios and
Risk-Weighted Assets
Capital ratios are generally projected to decline
under the severely adverse scenario. In the aggregate,
each of the five capital and leverage ratios calculated
in the fourth quarter of 2018 declines over the course
of the planning horizon, with first-quarter 2021 lev-
els ranging from 1.3 percentage points to 2.7 percent-
age points lower than at the start of the planning
horizon (see 
table 2). Table 4 presents these ratios for
each of the 18 firms.
The changes in post-stress capital ratios vary consid-
erably across firms (see 
figure 13). The post-stress
capital ratios incorporate Federal Reserve projec-
21
tions of the levels of total average assets and RW As
over the planning horizon. Declines in capital ratios
in part reflect an increase in projected RW As over the
planning horizon. The increase in RW As reflects pro-
jected asset and loan growth in the scenario.
Projected Losses
The Federal Reserve projects that the 18 firms as a
group would experience significant losses on loans
and other positions under the severely adverse sce-
nario. In this scenario, losses are projected to be
$410 billion for the 18 firms in the aggregate over the
nine quarters of the planning horizon. These losses
include
• $296 billion in accrual loan portfolio losses;
• $5 billion in OTTI and other realized securities
losses;
• $90 billion in trading and/or counterparty losses at
the 13 firms with substantial trading, processing,
or custodial operations; and
• $19 billion in additional losses from items such as
loans booked under the fair-value option (see
table 2).
The largest losses derive from two sources:
(1) accrual loan portfolios and (2) trading and coun-
terparty positions subject to the global market shock
and counterparty default component. Together, these
account for 94 percent of the projected losses for the
18 firms in the severely adverse scenario (
figure 12).
Loan Losses
Projected losses on domestic residential mortgages,
credit cards, and other consumer loans represent
50 percent of projected loan losses and 36 percent of
total projected losses for the 18 firms (see 
table 2).
This is consistent with the severely adverse scenario,
which features high unemployment rates and signifi-
cant declines in housing prices. For the fifth year in a
row, commercial and industrial loan losses and credit
card losses are the two largest categories of loan
losses at $73 billion and $107 billion, respectively.
Combined, commercial and industrial and credit
cards represent 44 percent of total projected losses.
For the 18 firms as a group, the nine-quarter cumu-
lative loss rate for all accrual loan portfolios is
5.7 percent, where the loss rate is calculated as total
projected loan losses over the nine quarters of the
planning horizon divided by average loan balances
over the horizon. Total loan loss rates vary signifi-
cantly across firms, ranging between 0.6 percent and
15.1 percent across these institutions (see 
table 7 and
figure 14).
The differences in total loan loss rates across the
firms reflect differences in the risk characteristics of
the portfolios held by each firm with regard to both
the type of lending of each portfolio and the loans
within each portfolio. Loan portfolio composition
matters because projected loss rates vary signifi-
cantly by loan type. In the aggregate, nine-quarter
cumulative loss rates vary between 1.4 percent on
domestic first-lien mortgages and 16.8 percent on
credit cards, reflecting both differences in typical per-
formance of these loans—some loan types tend to
generate higher losses, though generally also higher
revenue—and differences in the sensitivity of differ-
ent types of lending to the severely adverse scenario.
In particular, lending categories for which perfor-
mance is sensitive to credit spreads or housing prices
may experience high stressed loss rates due to the
considerable stress on these factors in the severely
adverse scenario.
40
40 Additionally, losses are calculated based on the EAD, which
includes both outstanding balances and any additional draw-
down of the credit line that occurs prior to default, while loss
rates are calculated as a percent of average outstanding bal-
ances over the planning horizon.
Figure 12. Projected losses in the severely adverse
scenario
Billions of dollars 
Other 
losses 
19 
Trading and 
counterparty 
losses 
90 
Securities 
losses 
5
Other loans 
 43 
Other 
consumer 
loans 
21 
Credit cards 
107 
Commercial 
real estate, 
domestic 
33 
Commercial and 
industrial loans 
73 
Junior liens 
and HELOCs 
5
First-lien 
mortgages, 
domestic 
14 
Note: The projected losses are not comparable to DFAST 2018. There were 35 par-
ticipating firms in DFAST 2018 and 18 participating firms in DFAST 2019.
22 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Projected loss rates on most loan categories show
similar dispersion across firms (see 
table 7 and
figures C.1 through C.7). There are significant differ-
ences across firms in the projected loan loss rates for
similar types of loans. For example, while the median
projected loss rate on commercial and industrial
loans is 6.0 percent, the rates among firms with com-
mercial and industrial loans vary from a low of
1.0 percent to a high of 22.6 percent. For credit card
loans, the range of projected loss rates is from
5.7 percent to 23.0 percent, with a median of
16.3 percent.
Differences in projected loss rates across firms pri-
marily reflect differences in loan and borrower char-
acteristics. The composition of DFAST 2019 firms’
loan portfolios shifted since the DFAST 2018 exer-
cise, with corporate lending experiencing the most
rapid growth. In the aggregate, risk in bank loan
holdings is slightly lower relative to DFAST 2018.
In addition, some firms have taken write-downs on
portfolios of impaired loans either purchased or
acquired through mergers. Losses on these loans are
projected using the same loss models used for loans
of the same type, and the resulting loss projections
are in general reduced by the amount of such write-
downs. For these firms, projected loss rates will be
lower than for firms that hold similar loans that have
not been subject to purchase-related write-downs.
Losses on Trading, Private Equity, SFT, and
Derivatives Positions
The severely adverse scenario results include $90 bil-
lion in trading losses from the global market shock at
the 11 firms with large trading and private-equity
exposures and losses from the counterparty default
component at the 13 firms with substantial trading,
processing, or custodial operations. Trading and
counterparty losses range between $0.8 billion and
$21 billion across the 13 firms (see 
table 5) subject to
the full global market shock.
The relative size of losses across firms depends not
on nominal portfolio size but rather on the specific
risk characteristics of each firm’s trading positions,
inclusive of hedges. Importantly, these projected
losses are based on the trading positions and coun-
terparty exposures held by these firms on a single
date (November 5, 2018) and could have differed if
they had been based on a different date.
Projected PPNR and Net Income
In the aggregate, the 18 firms are projected to gener-
ate $327 billion in PPNR cumulatively over the nine
quarters of the planning horizon, equal to 2.4 per-
cent of their combined average assets (see 
table 2).
The Federal Reserve’s PPNR projections are driven
by the shape of the yield curve, the path of asset
prices, equity market volatility, and measures of eco-
nomic activity in the severely adverse scenario. In
addition, the PPNR projections incorporate
expenses stemming from estimates of elevated levels
of losses from operational-risk events such as fraud,
employee lawsuits, litigation-related expenses, or
computer system or other operating disruptions.
41 In
aggregate for the 18 firms, those operational risk
losses of almost $123 billion this year are $1 billion
higher this year than last year for the same set of
firms, but remain within the range of what has been
projected in previous DFAST exercises.
The ratio of projected cumulative PPNR to average
assets varies across firms (see 
figure 15). A signifi-
cant portion of this variation reflects differences in
business focus across the institutions. For instance,
the ratio of PPNR to assets tends to be higher at
firms focusing on credit card lending, reflecting the
higher net interest income that credit cards generally
produce relative to other forms of lending.
42 Impor-
tantly, lower PPNR rates do not necessarily imply
lower net income, because the same business focus
and revenue risk characteristics determining differ-
ences in PPNR across firms could also result in off-
setting differences in projected losses across firms.
Projected PPNR and losses are the primary determi-
nants of projected pre-tax net income. 
Table 5 pres-
ents projections of the components of pre-tax net
income, including provisions into the ALLL and
one-time income and expense and extraordinary
items, under the severely adverse scenario for each of
the 18 firms (see 
table 2 for aggregate). The projec-
tions are cumulative for the nine quarters of the
planning horizon.
41 These estimates are conditional on the hypothetical adverse and
severely adverse scenario and on conservative assumptions.
They are not a supervisory estimate of the firms’ current or
expected legal liability.
42 As noted, credit card lending also tends to generate relatively
high loss rates, so the higher PPNR rates at these firms do not
necessarily indicate higher profitability.
June 2019 23
Of note, following U.S. GAAP, the net income pro-
jections incorporate loan losses indirectly through
provisions, which equal projected loan losses plus the
amount needed for the ALLL to be at an appropri-
ate level at the end of each quarter. The $327 billion
in total provisions includes $296 billion in net
charge-offs, with the remainder being the reserve
build. These amounts are cumulative over the plan-
ning horizon and mask variation in the ALLL dur-
ing the course of the nine quarters. Specifically, the
projected ALLL increases during the early quarters
of the planning horizon, given the increased eco-
nomic stress in the severely adverse scenario, and
then declines as the economic stress abates.
The Federal Reserve’s projections of pre-tax net
income under the severely adverse scenario imply
negative net income at most of the 18 firms individu-
ally and for the firms as a group over the nine-
quarter planning horizon. Projected net income
before taxes (pre-tax net income) is an aggregate net
loss of $115 billion over the planning horizon for the
18 firms.
The ratio of pre-tax net income to average assets for
each of the 18 firms ranges from −3.6 percent to
1.2 percent (see 
figure 16). Projected cumulative net
income for most of the firms (13 of 18) is negative
over the planning horizon. Differences across the
firms reflect differences in the sensitivity of the vari-
ous components of net income to the economic and
financial market conditions in the supervisory sce-
narios. Projected net income for the 13 firms subject
to the global market shock, the supervisory market
risk component, and/or the counterparty default
component includes the effect of those additional
scenario components in the adverse and severely
adverse scenarios, introducing some additional varia-
tion in projected net income between these firms and
the other firms participating in DFAST 2019.
Final capital ratios for advanced approaches firms
and other firms that opt into advanced approaches
treatment for AOCI are also impacted by OCI
(
table 5), which is driven by unrealized gains and
losses on securities in the supervisory stress test.
The interest rate path and credit spreads assumed in
the scenario result in $37 billion of OCI over the
nine quarters of the planning horizon for advanced
approaches firms and other firms that opt into
advanced approaches treatment for AOCI. Reflect-
ing the complete phase-in of portions of AOCI in
the revised regulatory capital framework, −$30 bil-
lion in AOCI is included in post-stress regulatory
capital in the severely adverse scenario as of the first
quarter of 2021.
24 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table 2. 18 participating firms
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  12.3   9.7   9.2
  Tier 1 capital ratio  14.0  11.3  10.9
  Total capital ratio  16.4  13.7  13.5
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.6   6.9   6.8
  Supplementary leverage ratio   6.9   5.6   5.4
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  295.8   5.7
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   14.1   1.4
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   5.1   2.6
    Commercial and industrial
2   72.7   6.3
    Commercial real estate, domestic   32.9   6.4
    Credit cards  107.2  16.8
    Other consumer
3   21.1   4.7
    Other loans4   42.7   3.6
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  8,203.8  8,366.3
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   326.8   2.4
    equals
    Net interest income   610.4   4.4
    Noninterest income   595.0   4.3
    less
    Noninterest expense
2   878.5   6.3
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   327.5    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   4.9    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   90.2    
  Other losses/gains5   19.1    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -114.9   -0.8
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   37.3    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   -66.9  -29.7
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. Those transitions are 100 percent included in
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2019 25
Table 3. Projected minimum common equity tier 1 ratio under the severely adverse scenario, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
18 participating firms
Percent
 Firm  Stressed ratios with DFA stress testing
capital action assumptions
  Bank of America Corporation   9.7
  The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation  11.3
  Barclays US LLC  11.6
  Capital One Financial Corporation   6.0
  Citigroup Inc.   8.2
  Credit Suisse Holdings (USA), Inc.  18.4
  DB USA Corporation  14.8
  The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.   7.6
  HSBC North America Holdings Inc.   8.5
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.   8.1
  Morgan Stanley   8.9
  Northern Trust Corporation  10.7
  The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.   8.5
  State Street Corporation  10.9
  TD Group US Holdings LLC  12.9
  UBS Americas Holding LLC  16.0
  U.S. Bancorp   8.1
  Wells Fargo & Company   9.5
Note: The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided within the Dodd-Frank stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These projections represent
hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratio presented is for the period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. In
accordance with the regulatory capital framework, all risk-based capital ratios are calculated using standardized RWAs, which became effective on January 1, 2015. 
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the severely adverse scenario.
26 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table 4. Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected 2019:Q1–2021:Q1 under the severely adverse scenario:
18 Participating firms
Percent
 Firm
 Common equity
tier 1 capital ratio  Tier 1 capital ratio  Total capital ratio  Tier 1 leverage ratio  Supplementary
leverage ratio1
 Actual
2018:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual
2018:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual
2018:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual
2018:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual
2018:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
  Bank of America
Corporation  11.6   9.7   9.7  13.2  11.2  11.2  15.4  13.5  13.5   8.4   7.1  7.1   6.8  5.8  5.8
  The Bank of New York
Mellon Corporation  11.7  13.1  11.3  14.1  15.4  13.6  15.1  16.6  14.7   6.6   7.2  6.4   6.0  6.6  5.9
  Barclays US LLC  14.5  12.4  11.6  17.6  15.4  14.5  21.0  18.5  17.8   8.9   7.8  7.5   7.3  6.3  6.1
  Capital One Financial
Corporation  11.2   6.0   6.0  12.7   7.4   7.4  15.1   9.6   9.6  10.7   6.5  6.5   9.0  5.5  5.5
  Citigroup Inc.  11.9   9.5   8.2  13.5  11.1   9.7  16.6  14.1  12.9   8.3   6.8  6.1   6.4  5.3  4.7
  Credit Suisse Holdings
(USA), Inc.  25.8  22.3  18.4  26.5  23.2  19.3  26.6  23.2  19.4  12.9  10.1  8.5  11.3  8.8  7.4
  DB USA Corporation  22.9  15.0  14.8  34.4  26.4  26.2  34.4  26.7  26.6   9.2   6.9  6.9   8.4  6.4  6.3
  The Goldman Sachs
Group, Inc.  13.3   9.9   7.6  15.3  11.9   9.5  18.0  14.6  12.4   8.9   6.7  5.7   6.2  4.7  4.0
  HSBC North America
Holdings Inc.  12.6   8.5   8.5  14.2  10.1  10.1  18.0  14.2  14.2   7.5   5.1  5.1   5.6  3.8  3.8
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.  12.0   8.2   8.1  13.7   9.9   9.8  15.5  11.9  11.8   8.1   5.9  5.8   6.4  4.7  4.6
  Morgan Stanley  16.9  11.1   8.9  19.2  13.4  11.1  21.8  15.7  13.6   8.4   5.7  5.1   6.5  4.4  3.9
  Northern Trust Corporation  12.9  13.2  10.7  14.1  14.5  12.0  16.1  16.5  14.0   8.0   8.2  6.8   7.0  7.2  6.0
  The PNC Financial Services
Group, Inc.   9.6   8.5   8.5  10.8   9.7   9.6  13.0  12.0  12.0   9.4   8.4  8.4   7.8  7.1  7.1
  State Street Corporation  11.7  11.8  10.9  15.5  15.5  14.6  16.3  16.2  15.4   7.2   7.2  6.8   6.3  6.3  6.0
  TD Group US Holdings LLC  16.3  13.7  12.9  16.3  13.7  12.9  17.3  15.0  14.2   9.2   7.8  7.5   8.3  7.0  6.7
  UBS Americas Holding LLC  21.7  16.8  16.0  25.7  20.7  19.9  27.0  22.8  21.9  11.3   9.0  8.8  n/a  n/a  n/a
  U.S. Bancorp   9.1   8.1   8.1  10.7   9.7   9.7  12.6  11.4  11.4   9.0   8.2  8.2   7.2  6.6  6.6
  Wells Fargo & Company  11.7  10.1   9.5  13.5  11.8  11.2  16.6  14.8  14.5   9.1   8.0  7.6   7.7  6.8  6.5
  18 participating firms  12.3   9.7   9.2  14.0  11.3  10.9  16.4  13.7  13.5   8.6   6.9  6.8   6.9  5.6  5.4
Note: The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided within the Dodd-Frank stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These projections represent
hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. In accordance
with the regulatory capital framework, all risk-based capital ratios are calculated using standardized RWAs, which became effective on January 1, 2015.
1
 
The supplementary leverage ratio is calculated only for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the severely adverse scenario.
June 2019 27
Figure 13. Change from 2018:Q4 to minimum CET1 ratio in the severely adverse scenario
Percent 
Median = 3.5%
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
UBS Americas 
TD Group 
State Street 
PNC 
Northern Trust 
Morgan Stanley 
JPMorgan Chase 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
DB USA 
Credit Suisse USA 
Citigroup 
Capital One 
Barclays US 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
0.0 2.0 4.0 6.0 8.0 10.0
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2019:Q1–2021:Q1 as a percent of risk-weighted assets.
28 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Figure 14. Total loan loss rates in the severely adverse scenario
0.0 4.0 8.0 12.0 16.0
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
UBS Americas 
TD Group 
State Street
PNC 
Northern Trust 
Morgan Stanley
JPMorgan Chase 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
DB USA 
Credit Suisse USA 
Citigroup
Capital One 
Barclays US 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
Percent 
Median = 4.7%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2019:Q1–2021:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
June 2019 29
Table 5. Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes through 2021:Q1 under the severely adverse scenario:
18 participating firms
Billions of dollars
 Firm
 Sum of revenues  Minus sum of provisions and losses  Equals  Memo items  Other effects
on capital
 Pre-provision
net revenue1
 Other
revenue2  Provisions
 Realized
losses/gains
on securities
(AFS/HTM)
 Trading and
counterparty
losses3
 Other
losses/
gains4
 Net income
before
taxes
 Other
compre-
hensive
income5
 AOCI
included
in capital6
(2021:Q1)
  Bank of America Corporation   42.3  0.0   48.3  0.2   8.9   2.7   -17.8  12.5   1.3
  The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation   7.3  0.0   1.8  0.1   1.1   0.0   4.3   1.5   -1.7
  Barclays US LLC   4.6  0.0   4.5  0.0   0.8   0.0   -0.6   0.0   0.0
  Capital One Financial Corporation   30.7  0.0   44.3  0.1   0.0   0.0   -13.6   1.0   0.1
  Citigroup Inc.   56.7  0.0   49.9  0.9  15.7   1.9   -11.6   5.2  -31.2
  Credit Suisse Holdings (USA), Inc.   2.3  0.0   0.1  0.0   4.8   0.1   -2.6   0.0   -0.1
  DB USA Corporation   -0.4  0.0   0.5  0.0   1.3   0.0   -2.2   0.0   -0.3
  The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.   12.9  0.0   11.2  0.0  13.6   6.0   -18.0   0.8   1.5
  HSBC North America Holdings Inc.   -0.8  0.0   3.9  0.0   2.0   0.0   -6.8   2.2   1.4
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.   60.0  0.0   66.7  0.7  21.2   1.2   -29.9   2.6   1.2
  Morgan Stanley   3.4  0.0   5.2  0.0   9.8   5.3   -16.9   2.2   -0.1
  Northern Trust Corporation   3.0  0.0   1.9  0.1   0.0   0.0   1.0   0.6   0.1
  The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.   11.9  0.0   11.7  0.1   0.0   0.3   -0.2   2.0   1.2
  State Street Corporation   3.4  0.0   1.2  0.1   1.2   0.0   0.9   1.3   0.0
  TD Group US Holdings LLC   6.9  0.0   9.3  0.2   0.0   0.0   -2.6  -0.2   -0.4
  UBS Americas Holding LLC   2.3  0.0   1.6  0.0   1.5   0.0   -0.8   0.0   0.0
  U.S. Bancorp   18.2  0.0   17.6  0.0   0.0   0.0   0.5   2.6   0.2
  Wells Fargo & Company   62.2  0.0   47.9  2.3   8.5   1.4   2.1   2.9   -2.9
  18 participating firms  326.8  0.0  327.5  4.9  90.2  19.1  -114.9  37.3  -29.7
Note: These projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected. Estimates may not sum precisely due to
rounding.
1
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and other real estate owned costs.
2
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in pre-provision net revenue.
3
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation adjustments losses and losses arising from the counterparty default scenario component
applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase agreement activities.
4
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and goodwill impairment
losses.
5
 
Other comprehensive income is only calculated for advanced approaches firms and other firms that opt into advanced approaches treatment for AOCI.
6
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in projected regulatory capital. Those transitions are 100 percent included in projected regulatory
capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the severely adverse scenario.
30 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table 6. Projected loan losses by type of loan for 2019:Q1–2021:Q1 under the severely adverse scenario:
18 participating firms
Billions of dollars
 Firm  Loan
losses
 First-lien
mortgages,
domestic
 Junior liens
and HELOCs,
domestic
 Commercial
and
industrial1
 Commercial
real estate,
domestic
 Credit
cards
 Other
consumer2
 Other
loans3
  Bank of America Corporation   43.6   2.5  0.9  13.3   4.8   14.8   1.6   5.8
  The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation   1.4   0.2  0.0   0.1   0.2   0.0   0.3   0.6
  Barclays US LLC   4.2   0.0  0.0   0.0   0.0   4.0   0.1   0.1
  Capital One Financial Corporation   38.6   0.0  0.0   4.1   1.6   26.5   5.2   1.1
  Citigroup Inc.   46.9   1.6  0.6   7.9   2.0   25.1   3.1   6.5
  Credit Suisse Holdings (USA), Inc.   0.1   0.0  0.0   0.0   0.0   0.0   0.0   0.1
  DB USA Corporation   0.4   0.1  0.0   0.0   0.2   0.0   0.0   0.1
  The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.   9.7   0.7  0.0   3.0   1.0   0.0   1.0   4.0
  HSBC North America Holdings Inc.   3.5   0.3  0.0   1.4   0.9   0.2   0.0   0.6
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.   60.2   3.2  0.9  17.3   4.0   22.0   2.1  10.8
  Morgan Stanley   4.1   0.4  0.0   0.9   0.9   0.0   0.1   1.9
  Northern Trust Corporation   1.5   0.1  0.1   0.2   0.2   0.0   0.0   0.9
  The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.   10.9   0.3  0.3   5.3   2.4   0.9   0.9   0.7
  State Street Corporation   1.0   0.0  0.0   0.3   0.1   0.0   0.0   0.6
  TD Group US Holdings LLC   8.7   0.4  0.3   2.1   1.5   2.9   0.7   0.8
  UBS Americas Holding LLC   1.3   0.2  0.0   0.5   0.0   0.0   0.2   0.3
  U.S. Bancorp   16.3   0.9  0.6   5.2   3.0   3.9   1.5   1.1
  Wells Fargo & Company   43.5   3.2  1.3  11.0  10.0   6.8   4.3   6.7
  18 participating firms  295.8  14.1  5.1  72.7  32.9  107.2  21.1  42.7
Note: These projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected.
1
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans and corporate cards.
2
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
3
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the severely adverse scenario.
June 2019 31
Table 7. Projected loan losses by type of loan for 2019:Q1–2021:Q1 under the severely adverse scenario:
18 participating firms
Percent of average balances
1
 Firm  Loan
losses
 First-lien
mortgages,
domestic
 Junior liens
and HELOCs,
domestic
 Commercial
and
industrial2
 Commercial
real estate,
domestic
 Credit cards  Other
consumer3  Other loans4
  Bank of America Corporation   4.4   1.2  1.9   4.8   6.7  14.7   2.0  3.0
  The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation   2.5   1.7  8.7   3.2   7.0   0.0   9.9  1.6
  Barclays US LLC  10.3   0.0  0.0  22.6   6.3  15.1  13.7  0.7
  Capital One Financial Corporation  15.1   2.2  5.1  11.8   5.3  23.0   9.1  6.3
  Citigroup Inc.   6.6   2.1  4.3   4.4   8.5  15.2  10.5  3.0
  Credit Suisse Holdings (USA), Inc.   0.6   0.0  0.0   0.0   0.0   0.0  13.7  0.6
  DB USA Corporation   3.6   2.3  5.4   1.0   9.5   0.0   7.1  1.9
  The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.   8.9  22.9  3.6  13.1  14.2   5.6  14.0  5.8
  HSBC North America Holdings Inc.   5.1   1.8  3.0   5.4   8.3  16.4   9.2  5.5
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.   5.9   1.3  2.4   9.6   3.4  15.0   3.4  4.8
  Morgan Stanley   3.2   1.4  3.6   8.6   7.6   0.0   0.6  3.1
  Northern Trust Corporation   4.7   1.5  6.1   5.5   6.1   0.0  13.7  4.9
  The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.   4.7   1.2  1.5   6.0   7.0  16.3   3.7  2.3
  State Street Corporation   3.8   0.0  0.0   6.9   6.2   0.0   0.6  3.0
  TD Group US Holdings LLC   5.5   1.6  3.9   6.0   5.3  20.2   2.9  3.2
  UBS Americas Holding LLC   2.2   1.7  0.0   8.5   5.5  16.4   0.7  3.1
  U.S. Bancorp   5.6   1.4  3.9   6.3   8.2  16.4   3.6  4.6
  Wells Fargo & Company   4.5   1.1  2.8   5.6   7.7  17.2   5.8  3.4
  18 participating firms   5.7   1.4  2.6   6.3   6.4  16.8   4.7  3.6
Note: These projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected.
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are calculated over
nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the severely adverse scenario.
32 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Figure 15. PPNR rates in the severely adverse scenario
-1.0 1.0 3.0 5.0 7.0 9.0
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
UBS Americas 
TD Group 
State Street
PNC 
Northern Trust 
Morgan Stanley
JPMorgan Chase 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
DB USA 
Credit Suisse USA 
Citigroup
Capital One 
Barclays US 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
Percent 
Median = 1.95%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2019:Q1–2021:Q1 as a percent of average assets.
June 2019 33
Figure 16. Pre-tax net income rates in the severely adverse scenario
-4.0 -3.5 -3.0 -2.5 -2.0 -1.5 -1.0 -0.5 0.0 0.5 1.0 1.5
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
UBS Americas 
TD Group 
State Street 
PNC 
Northern Trust 
Morgan Stanley 
JPMorgan Chase 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
DB USA 
Credit Suisse USA 
Citigroup 
Capital One 
Barclays US 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
Percent 
Median = -0.7%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2019:Q1-2021:Q1 as a percent of average assets.
34 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Adverse Scenario
Stressed Capital Ratios and
Risk-Weighted Assets
The adverse scenario projections suggest moderate
declines in aggregate capital ratios for the 18 firms.
The aggregate CET1 ratio is projected to fall 0.9 per-
centage points to its minimum over the planning
horizon and to be 0.2 percentage points lower at the
end of the planning horizon (see 
table 8). In addi-
tion, at the end of the planning horizon, the tier 1
risk-based capital ratio and the total risk-based capi-
tal ratio are 0.2 and 0.5 percentage points lower than
at the start of the planning horizon, respectively. The
tier 1 leverage ratio is projected to decline 0.1 per-
centage points over the planning horizon.
Generally, the projected declines in post-stress capital
ratios are smaller than those under the severely
adverse scenario, reflecting the generally less severe
economic conditions assumed in the adverse sce-
nario. As compared to the severely adverse scenario,
the adverse scenario projections imply higher aggre-
gate net income, driven in part by lower losses. Off-
setting somewhat the effect of aggregate higher net
income on capital, the adverse scenario also features
more robust projected balance sheet and RW A
growth than the severely adverse scenario, which on
net tends to reduce post-stress capital ratios.
Projected Losses
The Federal Reserve’s projections suggest that the 18
firms as a group would face elevated losses under the
adverse scenario, though not as large as the losses
under the severely adverse scenario. In this scenario,
total losses are projected to equal $255 billion for the
18 firms over the nine-quarter planning horizon.
These losses include
• $194 billion in accrual loan losses;
• $2 billion in OTTI and other realized securities
losses;
• $46 billion in losses from the global market shock
and the largest counterparty default compo-
nents; and
• $13 billion in additional losses from items such as
loans booked under the fair-value option.
These results are presented in aggregate (
table 8) and
individually for each of the 18 firms (table 11 and
appendix B). Aggregate loss amounts are lower than
those projected under the severely adverse scenario,
once again reflecting the relatively less stressful mac-
roeconomic and financial market conditions
assumed in the adverse scenario.
Loan Losses
As in the severely adverse scenario, the accrual loan
portfolio is the largest source of losses in the adverse
scenario, accounting for $194 billion of projected
losses for the 18 firms. The lower peak unemploy-
ment rate and more moderate residential and CRE
price declines in the adverse scenario result in lower
projected accrual loan losses on consumer and real
estate–related loans relative to the severely adverse
scenario. In aggregate, the nine-quarter loan loss rate
of the 18 firms is 3.7 percent. As in the severely
adverse scenario results, there is considerable diver-
sity across firms in projected loan loss rates, both in
the aggregate and by loan type (see 
figures 19 and
C.8 to C.14).
Losses on Trading, Private Equity, and
Derivatives Positions
Projected losses resulting from the impact of the
global market shock and the supervisory market risk
component at the 11 firms with large trading and
private-equity exposures and losses from the coun-
terparty default component at the 13 firms with sub-
Figure 17. Projected losses in the adverse scenario
Billions of dollars 
Other 
losses 
13 Trading and 
counterparty 
losses 
46 
Securities 
losses 
2
Other 
loans 
26 
Other 
consumer 
loans 
17 
Credit cards 
79 
Commercial 
real estate, 
domestic 
14 
Commercial and 
industrial loans 
48 
Junior liens 
and HELOCs 
3
First-lien 
mortgages, 
domestic 
6
Note: The projected losses are not comparable to DFAST 2018. There were 35 par-
ticipating firms in DFAST 2018 and 18 participating firms in DFAST 2019.
June 2019 35
stantial trading, processing, or custodial operations
equal $46 billion under the adverse scenario. These
losses are more than half of those projected under
the severely adverse scenario, reflecting the less
severe market shocks assumed in the adverse sce-
nario. Trading and counterparty losses range
between $0.3 billion and $12 billion across the 13
firms (see 
table 11) subject to the full global market
shock and the supervisory market risk component.
Projected PPNR and Net Income
Aggregate PPNR is projected to equal $387 billion
for the 18 firms under the adverse scenario, equal to
2.8 percent of average projected assets for these
firms. Projected PPNR is higher than under the
severely adverse scenario due to a steeper yield curve
and less severe economic and financial market condi-
tions, resulting in a smaller reduction in noninterest
income and operational risk losses. Projected ratios
of PPNR to assets vary significantly across the 18
firms (see 
figure 20).
In the aggregate, the 18 firms are projected to have
cumulative pre-tax net income of $128 billion over
the nine-quarter planning horizon under the adverse
scenario. Fourteen of the firms are projected to have
positive cumulative pre-tax net income, and 14 firms
experience at least one quarter of negative pre-tax
net income during the planning horizon. The
$198 billion in total provisions reported in 
table 8
includes $194 billion in net charge-offs, with the
remainder being the reserve build, or the increase in
loan loss reserves.
Aggregate pre-tax net income under the adverse sce-
nario is positive, with a ratio of income to average
assets of 0.9 percent. Projected nine-quarter return
on assets under the adverse scenario ranges between
−1 and 2 percent for the 18 firms (see 
figure 21).
Results reflect $41 billion of OCI over the nine quar-
ters of the planning horizon for advanced
approaches firms and other firms that opt into
advanced approaches treatment for AOCI in the
adverse scenario. In the aggregate, −$26 billion in
AOCI is included in post-stress regulatory capital as
of the first quarter of 2021.
36 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table 8. 18 participating firms
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  12.3  12.1  11.4
  Tier 1 capital ratio  14.0  13.8  13.0
  Total capital ratio  16.4  15.9  15.5
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.6   8.5   8.1
  Supplementary leverage ratio   6.9   6.8   6.5
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  193.6   3.7
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   6.3   0.6
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   2.8   1.5
    Commercial and industrial
2   47.7   4.1
    Commercial real estate, domestic   14.1   2.7
    Credit cards   79.3  12.3
    Other consumer
3   17.0   3.8
    Other loans4   26.4   2.2
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  8,203.8  8,540.4
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue  386.9   2.8
    equals
    Net interest income  613.7   4.4
    Noninterest income  646.9   4.6
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  873.8   6.2
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions  197.6    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   2.4    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   46.0    
  Other losses/gains5   13.3    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  127.7   0.9
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   41.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -66.9  -26.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. Those transitions are 100 percent included in
projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
June 2019 37
Table 9. Projected minimum common equity tier 1 ratio under the adverse scenario, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
18 participating firms
Percent
 Firm  Stressed ratios with DFA stress testing
capital action assumptions
  Bank of America Corporation  11.5
  The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation  12.2
  Barclays US LLC  13.5
  Capital One Financial Corporation   9.9
  Citigroup Inc.  10.8
  Credit Suisse Holdings (USA), Inc.  20.9
  DB USA Corporation  17.6
  The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.  11.4
  HSBC North America Holdings Inc.  10.9
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.  10.6
  Morgan Stanley  13.1
  Northern Trust Corporation  11.3
  The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.   9.9
  State Street Corporation  12.1
  TD Group US Holdings LLC  14.9
  UBS Americas Holding LLC  18.6
  U.S. Bancorp   9.6
  Wells Fargo & Company  11.4
Note: The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided within the Dodd-Frank stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These projections represent
hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratio presented is for the period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. In
accordance with the regulatory capital framework, all risk-based capital ratios are calculated using standardized RWAs, which became effective on January 1, 2015. 
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the adverse scenario.
38 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Figure 18. Change from 2018:Q4 to minimum CET1 ratio in the adverse scenario
-1.0 1.0 2.0 3.0 4.0 5.0 6.0
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
UBS Americas 
TD Group 
State Street 
PNC 
Northern Trust 
Morgan Stanley 
JPMorgan Chase 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
DB USA 
Credit Suisse USA 
Citigroup 
Capital One 
Barclays US 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
Percent 
Median = 1.3%
-1.0 0.0
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2019:Q1-2021:Q1 as a percent of risk-weighted assets.
June 2019 39
Figure 19. Total loan loss rates in the adverse scenario
0.0 2.0 4.0 6.0 8.0 10.0 12.0
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
UBS Americas 
TD Group 
State Street
PNC 
Northern Trust 
Morgan Stanley
JPMorgan Chase 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
DB USA 
Credit Suisse USA 
Citigroup
Capital One 
Barclays US 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
Percent 
Median = 2.75%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2019:Q1-2021:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
40 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table 10. Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected 2019:Q1–2021:Q1 under the adverse scenario:
18 Participating firms
Percent
 Firm
 Common equity
tier 1 capital ratio  Tier 1 capital ratio  Total capital ratio  Tier 1 leverage ratio  Supplementary
leverage ratio1
 Actual
2018:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual
2018:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual
2018:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual
2018:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
 Actual
2018:Q4  Ending  Mini-
mum
  Bank of America
Corporation  11.6  11.9  11.5  13.2  13.4  12.9  15.4  15.3  15.3   8.4   8.5   8.3   6.8   6.9  6.7
  The Bank of New York
Mellon Corporation  11.7  13.9  12.2  14.1  16.1  14.5  15.1  17.2  15.5   6.6   7.5   6.8   6.0   6.9  6.3
  Barclays US LLC  14.5  14.9  13.5  17.6  17.8  16.4  21.0  20.8  20.0   8.9   9.0   8.4   7.3   7.3  6.8
  Capital One Financial
Corporation  11.2  10.3   9.9  12.7  11.7  11.3  15.1  13.8  13.6  10.7  10.3  10.1   9.0   8.7  8.5
  Citigroup Inc.  11.9  12.2  10.8  13.5  13.7  12.3  16.6  16.3  15.4   8.3   8.5   7.7   6.4   6.5  5.9
  Credit Suisse Holdings
(USA), Inc.  25.8  24.7  20.9  26.5  25.5  21.7  26.6  25.5  21.8  12.9  11.4  10.0  11.3  10.0  8.7
  DB USA Corporation  22.9  17.8  17.6  34.4  28.7  28.6  34.4  28.9  28.8   9.2   7.8   7.7   8.4   7.1  7.1
  The Goldman Sachs
Group, Inc.  13.3  13.3  11.4  15.3  15.2  13.2  18.0  17.7  16.0   8.9   8.8   7.8   6.2   6.2  5.5
  HSBC North America
Holdings Inc.  12.6  10.9  10.9  14.2  12.5  12.5  18.0  16.2  16.2   7.5   6.4   6.4   5.6   4.7  4.7
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.  12.0  10.9  10.6  13.7  12.6  12.3  15.5  14.2  14.1   8.1   7.5   7.4   6.4   5.9  5.9
  Morgan Stanley  16.9  14.5  13.1  19.2  16.8  15.4  21.8  18.8  17.7   8.4   7.2   6.8   6.5   5.6  5.3
  Northern Trust Corporation  12.9  13.7  11.3  14.1  14.9  12.6  16.1  16.7  14.5   8.0   8.4   7.1   7.0   7.4  6.3
  The PNC Financial Services
Group, Inc.   9.6  10.3   9.9  10.8  11.4  11.0  13.0  13.3  13.1   9.4   9.9   9.7   7.8   8.3  8.1
  State Street Corporation  11.7  12.5  12.1  15.5  16.1  15.8  16.3  16.7  16.6   7.2   7.5   7.4   6.3   6.5  6.5
  TD Group US Holdings LLC  16.3  15.5  14.9  16.3  15.5  14.9  17.3  16.4  16.1   9.2   8.8   8.6   8.3   7.9  7.7
  UBS Americas Holding LLC  21.7  19.9  18.6  25.7  23.8  22.6  27.0  25.5  24.1  11.3  10.4   9.9  n/a  n/a  n/a
  U.S. Bancorp   9.1  10.0   9.6  10.7  11.5  11.2  12.6  12.9  12.9   9.0   9.8   9.6   7.2   7.8  7.6
  Wells Fargo & Company  11.7  12.3  11.4  13.5  14.0  13.1  16.6  16.6  16.2   9.1   9.4   8.9   7.7   8.0  7.6
  18 participating firms  12.3  12.1  11.4  14.0  13.8  13.0  16.4  15.9  15.5   8.6   8.5   8.1   6.9   6.8  6.5
Note: The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided within the Dodd-Frank stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These projections represent
hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. In accordance
with the regulatory capital framework, all risk-based capital ratios are calculated using standardized RWAs, which became effective on January 1, 2015.
1
 
The supplementary leverage ratio is calculated only for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the adverse scenario.
June 2019 41
Table 11. Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes through 2021:Q1 under the adverse scenario:
18 participating firms
Billions of dollars
 Firm
 Sum of revenues  Minus sum of provisions and losses  Equals  Memo items  Other effects
on capital
 Pre-provision
net revenue1
 Other
revenue2  Provisions
 Realized
losses/gains
on securities
(AFS/HTM)
 Trading and
counterparty
losses3
 Other
losses/
gains4
 Net income
before
taxes
 Other
compre-
hensive
income5
 AOCI
included
in capital6
(2021:Q1)
  Bank of America Corporation   54.3  0.0   27.3  0.1   5.3   1.9   19.6  11.6   0.4
  The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation   8.0  0.0   1.1  0.1   0.8   0.0   6.0   1.6   -1.5
  Barclays US LLC   5.2  0.0   3.0  0.0   0.3   0.0   1.9   0.0   0.0
  Capital One Financial Corporation   31.7  0.0   31.2  0.0   0.0   0.0   0.5   1.1   0.2
  Citigroup Inc.   64.1  0.0   32.3  0.4   6.9   1.2   23.2   5.6  -30.8
  Credit Suisse Holdings (USA), Inc.   2.8  0.0   0.1  0.0   3.1   0.1   -0.5   0.0   -0.1
  DB USA Corporation   0.1  0.0   0.2  0.0   0.7   0.0   -0.9   0.0   -0.3
  The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.   20.6  0.0   7.0  0.0   5.1   4.6   3.9   0.7   1.4
  HSBC North America Holdings Inc.   0.1  0.0   1.9  0.0   1.0   0.0   -2.8   1.9   1.2
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.   72.8  0.0   39.9  0.4  12.1   0.9   19.5   4.0   2.6
  Morgan Stanley   8.9  0.0   2.9  0.0   5.2   3.6   -2.7   2.1   -0.2
  Northern Trust Corporation   2.8  0.0   1.1  0.1   0.0   0.0   1.6   0.6   0.1
  The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.   13.7  0.0   6.3  0.1   0.0   0.2   7.2   2.1   1.3
  State Street Corporation   3.6  0.0   0.8  0.1   0.8   0.0   1.9   1.4   0.0
  TD Group US Holdings LLC   6.8  0.0   5.5  0.2   0.0   0.0   1.2   0.2   0.0
  UBS Americas Holding LLC   2.8  0.0   1.1  0.0   0.6   0.0   1.1   0.0   0.0
  U.S. Bancorp   19.6  0.0   10.1  0.0   0.0   0.0   9.4   2.5   0.0
  Wells Fargo & Company   69.2  0.0   25.6  1.0   4.1   1.0   37.5   5.5   -0.3
  18 participating firms  386.9  0.0  197.6  2.4  46.0  13.3  127.7  41.0  -26.0
Note: These projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected. Estimates may not sum precisely due to
rounding.
1
 
Pre-provision net revenue includes losses from operational-risk events and other real estate owned costs.
2
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in pre-provision net revenue.
3
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation adjustments losses and losses arising from the counterparty default scenario component
applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase agreement activities.
4
 
Other losses/gains includes projected change in fair value of loans held for sale and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and goodwill impairment
losses.
5
 
Other comprehensive income is only calculated for advanced approaches firms and other firms that opt into advanced approaches treatment for AOCI.
6
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in projected regulatory capital. Those transitions are 100 percent included in projected regulatory
capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR 217.300(b)(3).
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the adverse scenario.
42 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table 12. Projected loan losses by type of loan for 2019:Q1–2021:Q1 under the adverse scenario:
18 participating firms
Billions of dollars
 Firm  Loan
losses
 First-lien
mortgages,
domestic
 Junior liens
and HELOCs,
domestic
 Commercial
and
industrial1
 Commercial
real estate,
domestic
 Credit
cards
 Other
consumer2
 Other
loans3
  Bank of America Corporation   27.3  1.0  0.4   8.4   2.1  10.7   1.2   3.6
  The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation   0.9  0.1  0.0   0.1   0.1   0.0   0.3   0.4
  Barclays US LLC   3.1  0.0  0.0   0.0   0.0   3.0   0.1   0.1
  Capital One Financial Corporation   28.3  0.0  0.0   2.8   0.7  20.0   4.2   0.7
  Citigroup Inc.   33.1  0.8  0.3   5.6   0.8  18.9   2.7   4.1
  Credit Suisse Holdings (USA), Inc.   0.1  0.0  0.0   0.0   0.0   0.0   0.0   0.1
  DB USA Corporation   0.2  0.0  0.0   0.0   0.1   0.0   0.0   0.0
  The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.   6.2  0.5  0.0   1.9   0.4   0.0   0.9   2.5
  HSBC North America Holdings Inc.   1.9  0.1  0.0   0.9   0.4   0.1   0.0   0.3
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.   39.3  1.4  0.6  11.4   1.9  15.8   1.6   6.6
  Morgan Stanley   2.4  0.2  0.0   0.6   0.3   0.0   0.1   1.2
  Northern Trust Corporation   0.9  0.0  0.0   0.2   0.1   0.0   0.0   0.5
  The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.   6.5  0.2  0.1   3.4   1.0   0.6   0.7   0.5
  State Street Corporation   0.7  0.0  0.0   0.2   0.0   0.0   0.0   0.4
  TD Group US Holdings LLC   5.7  0.3  0.2   1.3   0.7   2.2   0.5   0.5
  UBS Americas Holding LLC   0.8  0.1  0.0   0.3   0.0   0.0   0.2   0.2
  U.S. Bancorp   10.4  0.4  0.4   3.5   1.4   2.9   1.1   0.7
  Wells Fargo & Company   25.8  1.2  0.7   7.1   4.1   5.0   3.6   4.0
  18 participating firms  193.6  6.3  2.8  47.7  14.1  79.3  17.0  26.4
Note: These projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected.
1
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans and corporate cards.
2
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
3
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the adverse scenario.
June 2019 43
Table 13. Projected loan losses by type of loan for 2019:Q1–2021:Q1 under the adverse scenario:
18 participating firms
Percent of average balances
1
 Firm  Loan
losses
 First-lien
mortgages,
domestic
 Junior liens
and HELOCs,
domestic
 Commercial
and
industrial2
 Commercial
real estate,
domestic
 Credit cards  Other
consumer3  Other loans4
  Bank of America Corporation   2.8   0.5  0.8   3.0  2.9  10.6   1.4  1.8
  The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation   1.6   0.9  5.2   2.0  2.6   0.0   8.0  1.0
  Barclays US LLC   7.5   0.0  0.0  18.5  2.4  11.0  11.0  0.5
  Capital One Financial Corporation  11.0   1.1  3.4   7.9  2.2  17.2   7.2  3.6
  Citigroup Inc.   4.7   1.0  2.4   3.1  3.5  11.3   8.9  1.9
  Credit Suisse Holdings (USA), Inc.   0.6   0.0  0.0   0.0  0.0   0.0  11.0  0.5
  DB USA Corporation   1.8   1.4  4.1   0.6  3.4   0.0   5.8  1.2
  The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.   5.7  19.0  2.7   8.3  5.7   4.0  12.0  3.6
  HSBC North America Holdings Inc.   2.7   0.7  1.9   3.4  3.1  11.3   7.6  3.3
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.   3.8   0.5  1.5   6.3  1.6  10.7   2.6  2.9
  Morgan Stanley   1.8   0.7  2.7   5.3  2.8   0.0   0.6  1.9
  Northern Trust Corporation   2.7   0.6  4.2   3.3  2.5   0.0  11.0  3.0
  The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.   2.8   0.7  0.6   3.8  2.9  11.3   3.0  1.4
  State Street Corporation   2.5   0.0  0.0   4.1  2.3   0.0   0.6  2.1
  TD Group US Holdings LLC   3.5   1.0  2.8   3.7  2.3  15.2   2.2  1.9
  UBS Americas Holding LLC   1.4   0.8  0.0   5.2  2.2  11.3   0.6  2.0
  U.S. Bancorp   3.5   0.6  2.6   4.2  3.7  12.0   2.6  3.0
  Wells Fargo & Company   2.6   0.4  1.4   3.6  3.2  12.6   4.7  2.0
  18 participating firms   3.7   0.6  1.5   4.1  2.7  12.3   3.8  2.2
Note: These projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome that is more adverse than expected.
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are calculated over
nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Source: Federal Reserve estimates in the adverse scenario.
44 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Figure 20. PPNR rates in the adverse scenario
0.0 2.0 4.0 6.0 8.0 10.0
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
UBS Americas 
TD Group 
State Street
PNC 
Northern Trust 
Morgan Stanley
JPMorgan Chase 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
DB USA 
Credit Suisse USA 
Citigroup
Capital One 
Barclays US 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
Percent 
Median = 2.2%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2019:Q1-2021:Q1 as a percent of average assets.
June 2019 45
Figure 21. Pre-tax net income rates in the adverse scenario
-1.0 -0.5 0.0 0.5 1.0 1.5 2.0
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
UBS Americas 
TD Group 
State Street
PNC 
Northern Trust 
Morgan Stanley
JPMorgan Chase 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
DB USA 
Credit Suisse USA 
Citigroup
Capital One 
Barclays US 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
Percent 
Median = 0.8%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2019:Q1-2021:Q1 as a percent of average assets.
46 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table 14. Mapping of loan categories to disclosure categories
 Disclosure category  Loan type
  First-lien mortgages, domestic  Domestic first-lien mortgages
  Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  Domestic second-lien mortgages
Domestic HELOCs
  Credit cards  Domestic cards
International cards
  Commercial and industrial  Commercial and industrial loans
Corporate and business cards
Small business loans
  Commercial real estate, domestic  Domestic owner-occupied CRE loans
Domestic construction loans
Domestic multifamily loans
Domestic non-owner occupied CRE loans
  Other consumer  Student loans
Domestic auto loans
International auto loans
Domestic other consumer loans
International other consumer loans
  Other loans  Agricultural loans
Domestic farm loans
International farm loans
International owner-occupied CRE loans
International construction loans
International multifamily loans
International non-owner occupied CRE loans
International first-lien mortgages
International second-lien mortgages
Loans to foreign governments
Loans to financial institutions
Loans for purchasing and carrying securities
Other non-consumer loans
Other leases
June 2019 47

Appendix A: Supervisory Scenarios
This appendix includes the adverse and severely
adverse scenarios provided by the Federal Reserve.
It is important to note that the adverse and severely
adverse scenarios are not forecasts but rather are
hypothetical scenarios designed to assess the strength
of banking organizations and their resilience to
adverse economic environments.
Table A.1. Historical data: Domestic variables, Q1:2000–Q4:2018
Percent, unless otherwise indicated
 Date Real GDP
growth
 Nominal
GDP
growth
 Real
dispo-
sable
income
growth
 Nominal
dispo-
sable
income
growth
 Unem-
ployment
rate
 CPI
inflation
rate
 3-month
Treasury
rate
 5-year
Treasury
yield
 10-year
Treasury
yield
 BBB
corporate
yield
Mortgage
rate
 Prime
rate
 Level
 Dow
Jones
Total
Stock
Market
Index
 House
Price
Index
 Com-
mercial
Real
Estate
Price
Index
 Market
Volatility
Index
  Q1 2000   1.5   4.2   7.9  11.5  4.0   4.0  5.5  6.6  6.7  8.2  8.3  8.7  14,296  102  126  27.0
  Q2 2000   7.5  10.2   4.5   6.4  3.9   3.2  5.7  6.5  6.4  8.5  8.3  9.2  13,619  105  125  33.5
  Q3 2000   0.5   2.8   4.7   7.3  4.0   3.7  6.0  6.1  6.1  8.1  8.0  9.5  13,613  107  138  21.9
  Q4 2000   2.5   4.7   1.4   3.7  3.9   2.9  6.0  5.6  5.8  7.9  7.6  9.5  12,176  110  144  31.7
  Q1 2001  -1.1   1.3   3.7   6.5  4.2   3.9  4.8  4.9  5.3  7.4  7.0  8.6  10,646  112  143  32.8
  Q2 2001   2.4   4.9  -0.7   1.2  4.4   2.8  3.7  4.9  5.5  7.5  7.1  7.3  11,407  114  142  34.7
  Q3 2001  -1.6  -0.1   9.6   9.8  4.8   1.1  3.2  4.6  5.3  7.3  7.0  6.6   9,563  116  144  43.7
  Q4 2001   1.1   2.4  -5.0  -4.7  5.5  -0.3  1.9  4.2  5.1  7.2  6.8  5.2  10,708  118  139  35.3
  Q1 2002   3.5   4.9   9.3  10.1  5.7   1.3  1.7  4.5  5.4  7.6  7.0  4.8  10,776  120  140  26.1
  Q2 2002   2.4   3.9   2.7   5.9  5.8   3.2  1.7  4.5  5.4  7.6  6.8  4.8   9,384  124  140  28.4
  Q3 2002   1.8   3.7  -0.3   1.6  5.7   2.2  1.6  3.4  4.5  7.3  6.3  4.8   7,774  127  141  45.1
  Q4 2002   0.6   2.9   2.4   4.3  5.9   2.4  1.3  3.1  4.3  7.0  6.1  4.5   8,343  129  144  42.6
  Q1 2003   2.2   4.1   0.9   3.8  5.9   4.2  1.2  2.9  4.2  6.5  5.8  4.3   8,052  132  151  34.7
  Q2 2003   3.5   4.7   5.0   5.1  6.1  -0.7  1.0  2.6  3.8  5.7  5.5  4.2   9,342  135  151  29.1
  Q3 2003   7.0   9.3   6.9   9.6  6.1   3.0  0.9  3.1  4.4  6.0  6.0  4.0   9,650  139  149  22.7
  Q4 2003   4.7   7.2   1.1   2.9  5.8   1.5  0.9  3.2  4.4  5.8  5.9  4.0  10,800  143  147  21.1
  Q1 2004   2.2   5.2   1.9   5.3  5.7   3.4  0.9  3.0  4.1  5.5  5.6  4.0  11,039  148  153  21.6
  Q2 2004   3.1   6.5   4.7   7.6  5.6   3.2  1.1  3.7  4.7  6.1  6.1  4.0  11,145  154  163  20.0
  Q3 2004   3.8   6.6   2.6   4.7  5.4   2.6  1.5  3.5  4.4  5.8  5.9  4.4  10,894  159  175  19.3
  Q4 2004   4.1   7.3   5.1   8.8  5.4   4.4  2.0  3.5  4.3  5.4  5.7  4.9  11,952  165  178  16.6
  Q1 2005   4.5   7.9  -4.6  -2.4  5.3   2.0  2.5  3.9  4.4  5.4  5.8  5.4  11,637  172  179  14.7
  Q2 2005   1.9   4.7   3.9   6.4  5.1   2.7  2.9  3.9  4.2  5.5  5.7  5.9  11,857  179  185  17.7
  Q3 2005   3.6   7.4   1.2   5.6  5.0   6.2  3.4  4.0  4.3  5.5  5.8  6.4  12,283  185  190  14.2
  Q4 2005   2.5   5.9   5.2   8.6  5.0   3.8  3.8  4.4  4.6  5.9  6.2  7.0  12,497  191  198  16.5
  Q1 2006   5.4   8.4   8.0  10.2  4.7   2.1  4.4  4.6  4.7  6.0  6.2  7.4  13,122  194  203  14.6
  Q2 2006   0.9   4.4   1.0   4.3  4.6   3.7  4.7  5.0  5.2  6.5  6.6  7.9  12,809  193  212  23.8
  Q3 2006   0.6   3.5   1.0   4.0  4.6   3.8  4.9  4.8  5.0  6.4  6.6  8.3  13,323  192  220  18.6
  Q4 2006   3.5   5.0   5.4   4.7  4.4  -1.6  4.9  4.6  4.7  6.1  6.2  8.3  14,216  191  222  12.7
  Q1 2007   0.9   5.0   3.4   7.4  4.5   4.0  5.0  4.6  4.8  6.1  6.2  8.3  14,354  189  229  19.6
  Q2 2007   2.3   5.0   1.0   4.3  4.5   4.6  4.7  4.7  4.9  6.3  6.4  8.3  15,163  184  239  18.9
  Q3 2007   2.2   4.3   0.4   2.6  4.7   2.6  4.3  4.5  4.8  6.5  6.6  8.2  15,318  178  248  30.8
(continued)
49
Table A.1.— continued
 Date Real GDP
growth
 Nominal
GDP
growth
 Real
dispo-
sable
income
growth
 Nominal
dispo-
sable
income
growth
 Unem-
ployment
rate
 CPI
inflation
rate
 3-month
Treasury
rate
 5-year
Treasury
yield
 10-year
Treasury
yield
 BBB
corporate
yield
Mortgage
rate
 Prime
rate
 Level
 Dow
Jones
Total
Stock
Market
Index
 House
Price
Index
 Com-
mercial
Real
Estate
Price
Index
 Market
Volatility
Index
  Q4 2007   2.5   4.1   0.3   4.3  4.8   5.0  3.4  3.8  4.4  6.4  6.2  7.5  14,754  172  249  31.1
  Q1 2008  -2.3  -0.8   1.1   4.6  5.0   4.4  2.1  2.8  3.9  6.5  5.9  6.2  13,284  165  235  32.2
  Q2 2008   2.1   4.3   7.5   12.0  5.3   5.3  1.6  3.2  4.1  6.8  6.1  5.1  13,016  157  224  24.1
  Q3 2008  -2.1   0.8   -8.1   -4.3  6.0   6.3  1.5  3.1  4.1  7.2  6.3  5.0  11,826  150  231  46.7
  Q4 2008  -8.4  -7.2   3.5   -2.5  6.9  -8.9  0.3  2.2  3.7  9.4  5.9  4.1   9,057  142  219  80.9
  Q1 2009  -4.4  -4.5   -1.7   -4.0  8.3  -2.7  0.2  1.9  3.2  9.0  5.1  3.3   8,044  138  209  56.7
  Q2 2009  -0.6  -1.2   4.4   6.3  9.3   2.1  0.2  2.3  3.7  8.2  5.0  3.3   9,343  138  180  42.3
  Q3 2009   1.5   1.9   -4.4   -1.8  9.6   3.5  0.2  2.5  3.8  6.8  5.2  3.3  10,813  139  160  31.3
  Q4 2009   4.5   5.9   -0.1   3.0  9.9   3.2  0.1  2.3  3.7  6.1  4.9  3.3  11,385  139  159  30.7
  Q1 2010   1.5   2.6   2.3   3.7  9.8   0.6  0.1  2.4  3.9  5.8  5.0  3.3  12,033  139  153  27.3
  Q2 2010   3.7   5.7   6.8   7.2  9.6  -0.1  0.1  2.3  3.6  5.6  4.9  3.3  10,646  138  165  45.8
  Q3 2010   3.0   4.2   2.9   3.6  9.5   1.2  0.2  1.6  2.9  5.1  4.4  3.3  11,814  136  167  32.9
  Q4 2010   2.0   4.3   2.3   4.8  9.5   3.3  0.1  1.5  3.0  5.0  4.4  3.3  13,132  134  168  23.5
  Q1 2011  -1.0   1.2   4.1   7.8  9.0   4.3  0.1  2.1  3.5  5.4  4.8  3.3  13,909  133  171  29.4
  Q2 2011   2.9   5.6   -0.9   3.1  9.1   4.6  0.0  1.8  3.3  5.1  4.7  3.3  13,844  133  173  22.7
  Q3 2011  -0.1   2.5   1.8   3.7  9.0   2.6  0.0  1.1  2.5  4.9  4.3  3.3  11,677  133  170  48.0
  Q4 2011   4.7   5.4   1.2   2.6  8.6   1.8  0.0  1.0  2.1  5.0  4.0  3.3  13,019  133  176  45.5
  Q1 2012   3.2   5.8   7.7   10.7  8.3   2.3  0.1  0.9  2.1  4.7  3.9  3.3  14,628  135  179  23.0
  Q2 2012   1.7   3.3   3.7   4.7  8.2   0.8  0.1  0.8  1.8  4.5  3.8  3.3  14,100  138  180  26.7
  Q3 2012   0.5   2.6   -2.8   -1.7  8.0   1.8  0.1  0.7  1.6  4.2  3.6  3.3  14,895  141  186  20.5
  Q4 2012   0.5   2.5   11.5   14.1  7.8   2.7  0.1  0.7  1.7  3.9  3.4  3.3  14,835  144  185  22.7
  Q1 2013   3.6   5.3  -15.1  -13.9  7.7   1.6  0.1  0.8  1.9  4.0  3.5  3.3  16,396  147  188  19.0
  Q2 2013   0.5   1.7   3.0   3.3  7.5  -0.4  0.1  0.9  2.0  4.1  3.7  3.3  16,771  151  197  20.5
  Q3 2013   3.2   5.2   1.7   3.4  7.2   2.2  0.0  1.5  2.7  4.9  4.4  3.3  17,718  155  207  17.0
  Q4 2013   3.2   5.7   1.6   3.3  6.9   1.5  0.1  1.4  2.8  4.8  4.3  3.3  19,413  158  212  20.3
  Q1 2014  -1.0   0.5   6.2   8.3  6.7   2.5  0.0  1.6  2.8  4.6  4.4  3.3  19,711  160  209  21.4
  Q2 2014   5.1   7.8   4.9   7.0  6.2   2.1  0.0  1.7  2.7  4.3  4.2  3.3  20,569  161  216  17.0
  Q3 2014   4.9   6.9   4.5   5.7  6.1   1.1  0.0  1.7  2.5  4.2  4.1  3.3  20,459  164  220  17.0
  Q4 2014   1.9   2.7   5.0   4.6  5.7  -0.9  0.0  1.6  2.3  4.2  4.0  3.3  21,425  166  229  26.3
  Q1 2015   3.3   3.0   5.0   3.2  5.5  -2.6  0.0  1.5  2.0  4.0  3.7  3.3  21,708  168  243  22.4
  Q2 2015   3.3   5.7   3.1   5.1  5.4   2.7  0.0  1.5  2.2  4.2  3.8  3.3  21,631  170  245  18.9
  Q3 2015   1.0   2.4   3.4   4.7  5.1   1.5  0.0  1.6  2.3  4.5  4.0  3.3  19,959  173  250  40.7
  Q4 2015   0.4   0.5   0.9   0.7  5.0   0.1  0.1  1.6  2.2  4.6  3.9  3.3  21,101  175  250  24.4
  Q1 2016   1.5   1.2   2.7   3.0  4.9  -0.1  0.3  1.4  2.0  4.6  3.7  3.5  21,179  177  242  28.1
  Q2 2016   2.3   5.1   -0.6   1.7  4.9   2.7  0.3  1.3  1.8  4.1  3.6  3.5  21,622  179  245  25.8
  Q3 2016   1.9   3.5   1.5   3.3  4.9   1.8  0.3  1.2  1.6  3.7  3.4  3.5  22,469  182  262  18.1
  Q4 2016   1.8   3.9   2.7   4.7  4.8   2.7  0.4  1.7  2.2  4.1  3.8  3.5  23,277  185  265  22.5
  Q1 2017   1.8   3.9   4.5   6.6  4.6   3.0  0.6  2.0  2.5  4.2  4.2  3.8  24,508  187  260  13.1
  Q2 2017   3.0   4.2   2.2   3.0  4.4   0.1  0.9  1.8  2.3  4.0  4.0  4.0  25,125  190  269  16.0
  Q3 2017   2.8   4.8   2.2   3.9  4.3   2.1  1.0  1.8  2.3  3.9  3.9  4.3  26,149  193  274  16.0
  Q4 2017   2.3   5.1   2.3   5.1  4.1   3.3  1.2  2.1  2.4  3.9  3.9  4.3  27,673  196  283  13.1
  Q1 2018   2.2   4.3   4.4   7.0  4.1   3.5  1.6  2.5  2.8  4.2  4.3  4.5  27,383  199  277  37.3
  Q2 2018   4.2   7.6   1.8   3.8  3.9   1.7  1.8  2.8  2.9  4.6  4.5  4.8  28,314  202  293  23.6
  Q3 2018   3.4   4.9   2.4   4.0  3.8   2.0  2.0  2.8  2.9  4.6  4.6  5.0  30,190  204  286  16.1
  Q4 2018   2.7   4.6   2.7   4.4  3.8   1.8  2.3  2.9  3.0  5.0  4.8  5.3  25,725  205  287  36.1
Note: Refer to 
Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historical observations of the variables in the table.
50 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table A.2. Historical data: International variables, Q1:2000–Q4:2018
Percent, unless otherwise indicated
 Date
 Euro area
real GDP
growth
 Euro area
inflation
 Euro area
bilateral
dollar
exchange
rate
(USD/euro)
 Developing
Asia
real GDP
growth
 Developing
Asia
inflation
 Developing
Asia
bilateral
dollar
exchange
rate
(F/USD,
index)
 Japan
real GDP
growth
 Japan
inflation
 Japan
bilateral
dollar
exchange
rate
(yen/USD)
 U.K.
real GDP
growth
 U.K.
inflation
 U.K.
bilateral
dollar
exchange
rate
(USD/pound)
  Q1 2000   4.5   2.6  0.957   7.0   1.5  100.0   7.7  -0.5  102.7   3.4   0.5  1.592
  Q2 2000   3.7   0.9  0.955   7.1  -0.3  100.7   0.9  -1.1  106.1   2.5   0.4  1.513
  Q3 2000   2.1   3.4  0.884   8.1   2.2  101.5   0.3  -0.3  107.9   1.1   1.0  1.479
  Q4 2000   3.3   2.8  0.939   3.0   2.4  105.1   4.0  -1.1  114.4   0.7   1.9  1.496
  Q1 2001   3.3   1.2  0.879   4.9   1.7  106.0   2.1   0.7  125.5   5.4   0.1  1.419
  Q2 2001   0.7   4.0  0.847   5.5   2.1  106.1   -1.8  -2.3  124.7   3.2   3.1  1.408
  Q3 2001   0.3   1.4  0.910   4.7   1.3  106.4   -4.0  -0.5  119.2   3.0   1.0  1.469
  Q4 2001   0.8   1.7  0.890   8.5   0.0  106.9   -1.2  -1.9  131.0   1.8   0.0  1.454
  Q1 2002   0.5   3.1  0.872   7.7   0.5  107.3   0.6  -1.1  132.7   1.9   1.9  1.425
  Q2 2002   2.0   2.0  0.986   8.1   1.1  104.8   3.1   0.1  119.9   2.7   0.9  1.525
  Q3 2002   1.6   1.6  0.988   7.2   1.5  105.5   1.3  -0.4  121.7   3.1   1.4  1.570
  Q4 2002   0.6   2.3  1.049   6.5   0.7  104.5   1.1  -0.8  118.8   3.6   1.9  1.610
  Q1 2003   -1.0   3.3  1.090   6.7   3.6  105.5   0.2   0.0  118.1   2.7   1.6  1.579
  Q2 2003   0.2   0.5  1.150   2.1   1.1  104.0   2.6   0.3  119.9   3.8   0.3  1.653
  Q3 2003   2.0   2.1  1.165  14.3   0.1  102.6   1.6  -0.5  111.4   4.2   1.7  1.662
  Q4 2003   3.1   2.3  1.260  13.0   5.5  103.4   4.5  -1.0  107.1   3.3   1.6  1.784
  Q1 2004   2.3   2.2  1.229   5.6   4.0  101.4   3.1   0.8  104.2   2.2   1.3  1.840
  Q2 2004   2.2   2.6  1.218   6.9   4.1  102.8   -0.3  -0.4  109.4   1.5   1.0  1.813
  Q3 2004   1.2   2.0  1.242   8.2   4.1  102.7   2.6  -0.1  110.2   0.7   1.1  1.809
  Q4 2004   1.5   2.4  1.354   6.4   0.8   98.9   -0.8   1.9  102.7   1.0   2.4  1.916
  Q1 2005   0.6   1.4  1.297  10.5   2.9   98.6   1.9  -1.2  107.2   3.8   2.5  1.889
  Q2 2005   2.8   2.2  1.210   8.6   1.5   98.9   2.7  -1.0  110.9   4.5   1.9  1.793
  Q3 2005   3.0   3.1  1.206   9.3   2.4   98.6   4.0  -1.0  113.3   4.8   2.7  1.770
  Q4 2005   2.5   2.4  1.184  11.7   1.6   98.1   0.7   0.1  117.9   6.1   1.4  1.719
  Q1 2006   3.7   1.7  1.214  11.0   2.4   96.8   0.6   1.2  117.5   1.1   1.9  1.739
  Q2 2006   4.3   2.5  1.278   7.0   3.2   96.7   1.1   0.4  114.5   0.9   3.0  1.849
  Q3 2006   2.6   2.1  1.269  10.3   2.2   96.4   -0.7   0.4  118.0   0.3   3.3  1.872
  Q4 2006   4.5   0.9  1.320  11.3   3.6   94.6   5.3  -0.5  119.0   1.4   2.6  1.959
  Q1 2007   3.0   2.3  1.337  13.9   3.6   94.0   2.9  -0.7  117.6   4.0   2.6  1.969
  Q2 2007   2.6   2.3  1.352  10.5   4.9   91.9   0.6   0.4  123.4   2.9   1.7  2.006
  Q3 2007   1.9   2.1  1.422   8.7   7.6   90.6   -2.0   0.3  115.0   3.4   0.2  2.039
  Q4 2007   2.1   4.8  1.460  12.8   5.9   89.4   1.9   2.2  111.7   3.4   4.0  1.984
  Q1 2008   2.2   4.2  1.581   7.2   8.1   88.0   1.3   1.2   99.9   1.4   3.7  1.986
  Q2 2008   -1.5   3.2  1.575   6.0   6.3   88.7   -1.8   1.8  106.2  -2.9   5.7  1.991
  Q3 2008   -2.2   3.2  1.408   3.1   3.0   91.5   -4.9   3.4  105.9  -6.4   5.8  1.780
  Q4 2008   -6.6  -1.4  1.392   0.3  -1.1   92.2   -9.4  -2.1   90.8  -8.4   0.5  1.462
  Q1 2009  -11.4  -1.1  1.326   4.4  -1.4   94.2  -17.8  -3.6   99.2  -6.5  -0.1  1.430
  Q2 2009   -1.0   0.0  1.402  15.1   2.3   92.2   8.6  -1.6   96.4  -0.8   2.1  1.645
  Q3 2009   1.3   1.1  1.463  12.8   4.1   91.3   0.2  -1.4   89.5   0.6   3.5  1.600
  Q4 2009   2.2   1.6  1.433   9.2   5.0   90.6   5.7  -1.5   93.1   1.4   3.0  1.617
  Q1 2010   1.6   1.8  1.353   9.8   4.4   89.8   3.4   1.0   93.4   1.8   4.0  1.519
  Q2 2010   3.8   2.0  1.229   9.7   3.4   91.0   5.5  -1.4   88.5   3.5   3.2  1.495
  Q3 2010   1.9   1.6  1.360   8.8   4.2   88.4   7.6  -1.9   83.5   2.3   2.3  1.573
  Q4 2010   2.5   2.6  1.327   9.2   7.5   87.4   -3.2   1.3   81.7   0.5   4.0  1.539
  Q1 2011   3.3   3.6  1.418   9.8   6.2   86.4   -5.6  -0.1   82.8   3.0   6.7  1.605
  Q2 2011   0.1   3.2  1.452   6.4   5.4   85.3   -2.6  -0.7   80.6   0.6   4.7  1.607
  Q3 2011   0.0   1.4  1.345   5.5   5.3   87.3   10.5   0.3   77.0   1.1   3.7  1.562
  Q4 2011   -1.1   3.5  1.297   6.7   3.0   87.2   -0.6  -0.6   77.0   0.7   3.3  1.554
  Q1 2012   -0.6   2.8  1.333   7.3   3.2   86.2   5.1   2.2   82.4   2.6   2.1  1.599
  Q2 2012   -1.4   2.3  1.267   6.0   3.9   88.0   -3.2  -1.5   79.8  -0.2   2.0  1.569
(continued)
June 2019 51
Table A.2.— continued
 Date
 Euro area
real GDP
growth
 Euro area
inflation
 Euro area
bilateral
dollar
exchange
rate
(USD/euro)
 Developing
Asia
real GDP
growth
 Developing
Asia
inflation
 Developing
Asia
bilateral
dollar
exchange
rate
(F/USD,
index)
 Japan
real GDP
growth
 Japan
inflation
 Japan
bilateral
dollar
exchange
rate
(yen/USD)
 U.K.
real GDP
growth
 U.K.
inflation
 U.K.
bilateral
dollar
exchange
rate
(USD/pound)
  Q3 2012  -0.5   1.6  1.286  6.5  2.2  86.2  -1.4  -1.8   77.9   4.8   2.3  1.613
  Q4 2012  -1.7   2.4  1.319  7.3  3.5  85.9   1.0   0.1   86.6  -0.9   4.0  1.626
  Q1 2013  -1.4   1.2  1.282  6.5  4.6  86.1   4.7   0.6   94.2   2.6   2.9  1.519
  Q2 2013   2.0   0.4  1.301  6.4  2.8  87.1   3.3   0.0   99.2   2.2   1.7  1.521
  Q3 2013   1.4   1.3  1.354  7.6  3.5  86.5   3.5   2.7   98.3   3.6   2.1  1.618
  Q4 2013   0.9   0.2  1.378  6.8  4.0  85.8  -0.2   2.6  105.3   1.9   1.5  1.657
  Q1 2014   1.9   0.8  1.378  5.9  1.4  86.8   3.7   1.0  103.0   3.4   1.9  1.668
  Q2 2014   0.8   0.0  1.369  7.4  2.6  86.6  -7.3   8.3  101.3   3.4   1.4  1.711
  Q3 2014   1.6   0.3  1.263  6.7  2.4  87.0   0.6   1.8  109.7   2.8   0.8  1.622
  Q4 2014   2.0  -0.5  1.210  5.8  1.1  88.1   1.9  -0.8  119.9   2.7  -0.4  1.558
  Q1 2015   2.9  -1.0  1.074  6.0  0.9  88.0   5.3   0.4  120.0   1.8  -1.2  1.485
  Q2 2015   1.7   1.9  1.115  6.9  2.7  88.4   0.6   0.8  122.1   2.3   0.8  1.573
  Q3 2015   1.5  -0.2  1.116  6.5  2.8  91.0   0.1   0.3  119.8   1.7   0.8  1.512
  Q4 2015   1.9  -0.2  1.086  5.6  1.3  92.2  -1.8  -0.8  120.3   3.0   0.0  1.475
  Q1 2016   2.8  -1.4  1.139  6.5  3.0  91.8   2.8  -0.1  112.4   1.3  -0.1  1.438
  Q2 2016   1.1   1.3  1.103  6.7  2.8  94.2   0.1  -0.7  102.8   0.6   0.8  1.324
  Q3 2016   1.4   1.3  1.124  6.0  1.3  93.7   1.3  -0.1  101.2   1.9   2.2  1.302
  Q4 2016   3.0   1.7  1.055  5.8  1.9  97.5   0.7   2.2  116.8   3.0   2.0  1.234
  Q1 2017   2.7   2.7  1.070  6.2  1.1  95.2   3.3  -0.4  111.4   1.7   3.6  1.254
  Q2 2017   2.7   0.4  1.141  6.1  2.0  94.6   2.1  -0.1  112.4   1.0   3.2  1.300
  Q3 2017   2.7   1.0  1.181  6.8  2.4  93.5   2.7   0.8  112.6   2.1   2.5  1.340
  Q4 2017   2.7   1.6  1.202  5.8  3.0  91.0   1.5   2.0  112.7   1.6   2.9  1.353
  Q1 2018   1.5   2.1  1.232  7.1  2.2  89.0  -1.3   2.5  106.2   0.3   2.3  1.403
  Q2 2018   1.7   2.1  1.168  5.9  1.4  93.5   2.8  -2.7  110.7   1.7   2.0  1.320
  Q3 2018   0.6   2.6  1.162  5.1  3.3  97.1  -2.5   3.1  113.5   2.5   2.9  1.305
  Q4 2018   1.6   0.9  1.146  5.9  2.6  96.2   0.9   0.7  109.7   1.4   1.9  1.276
Note: Refer to 
Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historical observations of the variables in the table.
52 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table A.3. Supervisory baseline scenario: Domestic variables, Q1:2019–Q1:2022
Percent, unless otherwise indicated
 Date Real GDP
growth
 Nominal
GDP
growth
 Real
dispo-
sable
income
growth
 Nominal
dispo-
sable
income
growth
 Unem-
ployment
rate
 CPI
inflation
rate
 3-month
Treasury
rate
 5-year
Treasury
yield
 10-year
Treasury
yield
 BBB
corporate
yield
Mortgage
rate
 Prime
rate
 Level
 Dow
Jones
Total
Stock
Market
Index
 House
Price
Index
 Com-
mercial
Real
Estate
Price
Index
 Market
Volatility
Index
  Q1 2019  2.2  4.2  2.8  4.2  3.7  1.5  2.5  2.8  2.9  4.6  4.5  5.5  26,026  207  293  28.3
  Q2 2019  2.5  4.8  2.3  4.5  3.6  2.3  2.6  2.9  3.0  4.8  4.6  5.6  26,367  208  296  27.0
  Q3 2019  2.2  4.4  2.3  4.4  3.6  2.3  2.7  3.0  3.1  4.9  4.6  5.7  26,687  209  300  25.3
  Q4 2019  2.0  4.2  2.2  4.3  3.6  2.3  2.8  3.0  3.2  4.9  4.7  5.8  26,998  210  304  24.5
  Q1 2020  1.7  4.0  2.1  4.3  3.6  2.4  2.8  3.0  3.2  4.9  4.7  5.8  27,299  212  308  23.9
  Q2 2020  1.6  4.0  2.1  4.0  3.6  2.1  2.8  3.0  3.2  4.9  4.7  5.8  27,603  213  312  23.5
  Q3 2020  1.5  3.7  1.9  4.0  3.7  2.2  2.8  3.0  3.2  4.9  4.7  5.8  27,894  214  316  23.7
  Q4 2020  1.6  3.8  1.9  3.8  3.8  2.1  2.8  3.1  3.2  4.9  4.7  5.8  28,193  216  320  23.9
  Q1 2021  2.2  4.3  2.3  4.4  3.9  2.2  2.8  3.3  3.4  5.2  4.9  5.8  28,529  217  322  24.6
  Q2 2021  2.0  4.1  2.2  4.2  4.0  2.2  2.8  3.3  3.5  5.1  5.0  5.8  28,858  219  324  23.8
  Q3 2021  2.0  4.1  2.2  4.2  4.0  2.2  2.8  3.4  3.5  5.2  5.0  5.8  29,191  221  327  23.7
  Q4 2021  2.0  4.1  2.2  4.2  4.0  2.2  2.8  3.4  3.5  5.2  5.0  5.8  29,527  222  329  23.6
  Q1 2022  2.0  4.1  2.2  4.2  4.1  2.2  2.8  3.4  3.6  5.2  5.1  5.8  29,868  224  332  23.6
Note: Refer to 
Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historical observations of the variables in the table.
 
Table A.4. Supervisory baseline scenario: International variables, Q1:2019–Q1:2022
Percent, unless otherwise indicated
 Date
 Euro area
real GDP
growth
 Euro area
inflation
 Euro area
bilateral
dollar
exchange
rate
(USD/euro)
 Developing
Asia
real GDP
growth
 Developing
Asia
inflation
 Developing
Asia
bilateral
dollar
exchange
rate
(F/USD,
index)
 Japan
real GDP
growth
 Japan
inflation
 Japan
bilateral
dollar
exchange
rate
(yen/USD)
 U.K.
real GDP
growth
 U.K.
inflation
 U.K.
bilateral
dollar
exchange
rate
(USD/pound)
  Q1 2019  1.6  1.6  1.155  5.9  2.6  96.6  0.8  1.1  109.9  1.4  2.1  1.294
  Q2 2019  1.7  1.6  1.164  5.9  2.5  97.0  0.8  1.1  110.1  1.4  2.1  1.311
  Q3 2019  1.7  1.6  1.172  5.9  2.5  97.4  0.8  1.1  110.3  1.5  2.1  1.328
  Q4 2019  1.6  1.6  1.181  5.8  2.6  97.7  0.7  1.1  110.4  1.5  2.1  1.345
  Q1 2020  1.6  1.6  1.188  5.8  2.7  97.4  0.7  1.1  110.0  1.5  2.0  1.350
  Q2 2020  1.5  1.7  1.194  5.7  2.8  97.1  0.7  1.1  109.6  1.5  2.0  1.354
  Q3 2020  1.5  1.7  1.200  5.7  2.8  96.8  0.7  1.0  109.2  1.5  2.0  1.358
  Q4 2020  1.4  1.7  1.206  5.7  2.9  96.5  0.7  1.0  108.7  1.5  2.0  1.362
  Q1 2021  1.4  1.8  1.206  5.7  2.9  96.5  0.7  1.0  108.7  1.5  2.0  1.362
  Q2 2021  1.4  1.8  1.206  5.7  2.8  96.5  0.6  1.0  108.7  1.6  2.0  1.362
  Q3 2021  1.4  1.9  1.206  5.7  2.8  96.5  0.6  1.0  108.7  1.6  2.0  1.362
  Q4 2021  1.3  1.9  1.206  5.6  2.9  96.5  0.6  1.0  108.7  1.6  2.0  1.362
  Q1 2022  1.3  1.9  1.206  5.6  2.9  96.5  0.6  1.0  108.7  1.6  2.0  1.362
Note: Refer to 
Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historical observations of the variables in the table.
June 2019 53
Table A.5. Supervisory adverse scenario: Domestic variables, Q1:2019–Q1:2022
Percent, unless otherwise indicated
 Date Real GDP
growth
 Nominal
GDP
growth
 Real
dispo-
sable
income
growth
 Nominal
dispo-
sable
income
growth
 Unem-
ployment
rate
 CPI
inflation
rate
 3-month
Treasury
rate
 5-year
Treasury
yield
 10-year
Treasury
yield
 BBB
corporate
yield
Mortgage
rate
 Prime
rate
 Level
 Dow
Jones
Total
Stock
Market
Index
 House
Price
Index
 Com-
mercial
Real
Estate
Price
Index
 Market
Volatility
Index
  Q1 2019  -1.6   0.2  -3.7  -2.6  4.3  1.3  0.3  0.5  0.9  4.1  3.4  3.3  24,068  201  283  44.4
  Q2 2019  -4.0  -1.9  -4.1  -2.4  5.1  2.0  0.2  0.7  1.0  4.6  3.6  3.2  21,695  198  280  43.1
  Q3 2019  -2.8  -0.9  -2.3  -0.6  5.7  1.9  0.1  0.7  1.1  4.8  3.7  3.1  20,527  194  275  39.2
  Q4 2019  -1.6   0.4  -1.1   0.7  6.2  2.0  0.1  0.8  1.2  4.9  3.8  3.1  20,045  190  267  34.9
  Q1 2020  -1.0   1.0  -0.6   1.4  6.6  2.2  0.1  0.8  1.3  4.7  3.7  3.1  20,200  185  259  30.5
  Q2 2020   0.2   2.4   0.2   1.9  6.8  2.0  0.1  0.9  1.3  4.6  3.7  3.1  20,609  181  252  27.3
  Q3 2020   0.9   3.0   0.5   2.5  7.0  2.1  0.1  1.0  1.3  4.4  3.6  3.1  21,024  178  244  25.3
  Q4 2020   2.5   4.6   1.5   3.4  7.0  2.1  0.1  1.0  1.4  4.3  3.5  3.1  21,633  176  239  23.5
  Q1 2021   2.9   4.9   2.3   4.3  6.9  2.2  0.1  1.1  1.6  4.3  3.6  3.1  22,248  176  237  22.5
  Q2 2021   3.1   5.2   1.9   3.9  6.7  2.2  0.1  1.2  1.7  4.2  3.7  3.1  23,033  178  237  21.4
  Q3 2021   3.3   5.3   1.9   3.9  6.6  2.1  0.1  1.2  1.8  4.1  3.7  3.1  23,792  179  237  20.8
  Q4 2021   3.4   5.4   1.9   3.8  6.4  2.1  0.1  1.3  1.9  4.0  3.6  3.1  24,621  182  238  20.3
  Q1 2022   3.4   5.3   1.8   3.7  6.3  2.1  0.1  1.3  1.9  3.8  3.6  3.1  25,537  184  239  20.1
Note: Refer to 
Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historical observations of the variables in the table.
 
Table A.6. Supervisory adverse scenario: International variables, Q1:2019–Q1:2022
Percent, unless otherwise indicated
 Date
 Euro area
real GDP
growth
 Euro area
inflation
 Euro area
bilateral
dollar
exchange
rate
(USD/euro)
 Developing
Asia
real GDP
growth
 Developing
Asia
inflation
 Developing
Asia
bilateral
dollar
exchange
rate
(F/USD,
index)
 Japan
real GDP
growth
 Japan
inflation
 Japan
bilateral
dollar
exchange
rate
(yen/USD)
 U.K.
real GDP
growth
 U.K.
inflation
 U.K.
bilateral
dollar
exchange
rate
(USD/pound)
  Q1 2019  -2.6  1.6  1.117  1.9  1.0   97.9  -2.0  -0.1  108.8  -2.8  1.5  1.286
  Q2 2019  -3.3  1.0  1.104  2.1  0.2   99.8  -3.5  -0.5  108.5  -3.4  1.1  1.273
  Q3 2019  -2.3  0.5  1.115  3.4  0.1  101.1  -4.2  -0.7  108.8  -2.6  0.7  1.285
  Q4 2019  -1.6  0.2  1.129  4.2  0.1  102.0  -4.6  -1.1  108.0  -1.8  0.6  1.297
  Q1 2020  -0.6  0.3  1.135  5.5  0.6  101.9  -2.0  -0.6  108.8  -0.7  0.7  1.302
  Q2 2020   0.2  0.5  1.140  6.1  0.6  100.9  -1.0  -0.4  108.7   0.2  0.8  1.306
  Q3 2020   0.8  0.8  1.146  6.3  0.9  100.0  -0.4  -0.2  108.5   0.9  1.0  1.309
  Q4 2020   1.3  1.0  1.152  6.3  1.2   99.2   0.1   0.0  108.5   1.4  1.1  1.312
  Q1 2021   1.6  1.1  1.156  6.2  1.4   98.6   0.4   0.2  108.6   1.8  1.2  1.313
  Q2 2021   1.7  1.3  1.160  6.1  1.5   98.2   0.7   0.3  108.7   2.0  1.3  1.314
  Q3 2021   1.7  1.4  1.164  6.1  1.7   97.8   0.8   0.4  108.8   2.1  1.4  1.316
  Q4 2021   1.7  1.5  1.169  6.0  1.9   97.4   0.9   0.5  108.8   2.1  1.5  1.318
  Q1 2022   1.6  1.6  1.172  5.9  2.0   97.1   0.9   0.5  108.8   2.1  1.5  1.321
Note: Refer to 
Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historical observations of the variables in the table.
54 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table A.7. Supervisory severely adverse scenario: Domestic variables, Q1:2019–Q1:2022
Percent, unless otherwise indicated
 Date Real GDP
growth
 Nominal
GDP
growth
 Real
dispo-
sable
income
growth
 Nominal
dispo-
sable
income
growth
 Unem-
ployment
rate
 CPI
inflation
rate
 3-month
Treasury
rate
 5-year
Treasury
yield
 10-year
Treasury
yield
 BBB
corporate
yield
Mortgage
rate
 Prime
rate
 Level
 Dow
Jones
Total
Stock
Market
Index
 House
Price
Index
 Com-
mercial
Real
Estate
Price
Index
 Market
Volatility
Index
  Q1 2019  -5.0  -3.5  -5.1  -4.2   4.7  1.2  0.3  0.3  0.8  5.3  3.9  3.3  17,836  199  280  67.8
  Q2 2019  -9.4  -7.7  -7.1  -5.8   6.3  1.6  0.2  0.5  0.9  6.1  4.2  3.2  14,694  193  272  70.0
  Q3 2019  -7.2  -5.7  -4.8  -3.4   7.5  1.7  0.1  0.6  1.0  6.5  4.4  3.1  13,317  186  262  61.3
  Q4 2019  -5.0  -3.4  -3.2  -1.6   8.4  1.8  0.1  0.6  1.1  6.5  4.5  3.1  12,862  178  247  49.9
  Q1 2020  -3.8  -2.1  -2.4  -0.7   9.2  1.9  0.1  0.7  1.2  6.2  4.3  3.1  13,462  170  232  38.4
  Q2 2020  -1.5   0.5  -1.2   0.4   9.7  1.8  0.1  0.7  1.2  5.8  4.2  3.1  14,421  163  217  31.2
  Q3 2020  -0.3   1.6  -0.6   1.2  10.0  2.0  0.1  0.7  1.2  5.5  4.1  3.1  15,479  156  202  26.9
  Q4 2020   2.9   4.8   1.2   3.0   9.9  2.0  0.1  0.7  1.2  5.1  3.9  3.1  16,847  152  192  23.3
  Q1 2021   3.6   5.4   2.3   4.3   9.7  2.1  0.1  0.9  1.5  5.0  3.9  3.1  17,788  151  187  22.5
  Q2 2021   4.1   5.9   2.2   4.2   9.5  2.1  0.1  1.0  1.6  4.7  3.8  3.1  19,352  153  187  21.4
  Q3 2021   4.4   6.2   2.3   4.3   9.2  2.1  0.1  1.1  1.6  4.4  3.8  3.1  21,039  154  187  20.8
  Q4 2021   4.6   6.4   2.5   4.3   8.9  2.0  0.1  1.2  1.7  4.0  3.6  3.1  22,940  157  189  20.3
  Q1 2022   4.6   6.3   2.4   4.2   8.6  2.0  0.1  1.2  1.8  3.7  3.5  3.1  25,137  160  191  20.1
Note: Refer to 
Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historical observations of the variables in the table.
 
Table A.8. Supervisory severely adverse scenario: International variables, Q1:2019–Q1:2022
Percent, unless otherwise indicated
 Date
 Euro area
real GDP
growth
 Euro area
inflation
 Euro area
bilateral
dollar
exchange
rate
(USD/euro)
 Developing
Asia
real GDP
growth
 Developing
Asia
inflation
 Developing
Asia
bilateral
dollar
exchange
rate
(F/USD,
index)
 Japan
real GDP
growth
 Japan
inflation
 Japan
bilateral
dollar
exchange
rate
(yen/USD)
 U.K.
real GDP
growth
 U.K.
inflation
 U.K.
bilateral
dollar
exchange
rate
(USD/pound)
  Q1 2019  -5.4   1.5  1.092  -0.8   0.0   98.8  -3.9  -0.8  108.1  -5.6   1.0  1.282
  Q2 2019  -6.5   0.5  1.067  -0.4  -1.3  101.7  -6.4  -1.5  107.4  -6.6   0.4  1.248
  Q3 2019  -4.9  -0.3  1.079   1.7  -1.5  103.6  -7.5  -1.9  107.8  -5.3  -0.2  1.258
  Q4 2019  -3.8  -0.8  1.095   3.1  -1.6  104.9  -8.2  -2.5  106.4  -4.0  -0.3  1.266
  Q1 2020  -2.1  -0.6  1.100   5.3  -0.8  105.0  -3.8  -1.7  108.1  -2.2  -0.2  1.271
  Q2 2020  -0.6  -0.2  1.106   6.4  -0.8  103.5  -2.1  -1.4  108.1  -0.6   0.0  1.275
  Q3 2020   0.4   0.1  1.112   6.7  -0.3  102.2  -1.1  -1.0  108.1   0.5   0.3  1.277
  Q4 2020   1.2   0.5  1.118   6.6   0.1  101.0  -0.3  -0.7  108.3   1.4   0.5  1.279
  Q1 2021   1.6   0.7  1.124   6.5   0.4  100.1   0.3  -0.4  108.5   1.9   0.7  1.281
  Q2 2021   1.9   0.9  1.131   6.4   0.7   99.3   0.7  -0.2  108.7   2.3   0.9  1.283
  Q3 2021   2.0   1.0  1.138   6.3   0.9   98.6   0.9   0.0  108.9   2.5   1.0  1.286
  Q4 2021   1.9   1.2  1.144   6.2   1.2   98.1   1.0   0.1  108.9   2.5   1.1  1.290
  Q1 2022   1.9   1.3  1.151   6.2   1.5   97.5   1.1   0.3  108.9   2.5   1.2  1.294
Note: Refer to 
Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historical observations of the variables in the table.
June 2019 55
Notes Regarding Scenario Variables
Sources for data through 2018:Q4 (as released
through January 18, 2019). The 2018:Q4 values of
variables marked with an asterisk (*) are projected.
*U.S. real GDP growth: Percent change in real gross
domestic product, chained (2009) dollars, expressed
at an annualized rate, Bureau of Economic Analysis
(NIPA table 1.1.6, line 1).
*U.S. nominal GDP growth: Percent change in gross
domestic product (current dollars), expressed at an
annualized rate, Bureau of Economic Analysis
(NIPA table 1.1.5, line 1).
*U.S. real disposable income growth: Percent change
in disposable personal income (current dollars)
divided by the price index for personal consumption
expenditures, expressed at an annualized rate, Bureau
of Economic Analysis (NIPA table 2.1, line 27, and
NIPA table 1.1.4, line 2).
*U.S. nominal disposable income growth: Percent
change in disposable personal income (current dol-
lars), expressed at an annualized rate, Bureau of
Economic Analysis (NIPA table 2.1, line 27).
U.S. unemployment rate: Quarterly average of
seasonally-adjusted monthly data for the unemploy-
ment rate of the civilian, noninstitutional population
of age 16 years and older, Bureau of Labor Statistics
(series LNS14000000).
U.S. CPI inflation: Percent change in the quarterly
average of seasonally-adjusted monthly data for the
consumer price index, expressed at an annualized
rate, Bureau of Labor Statistics (series
CUSR0000SA0).
U.S. 3-month Treasury rate: Quarterly average of
3-month Treasury bill secondary market rate on a
discount basis, H.15 Release, Selected Interest Rates,
Federal Reserve Board (series RIFSGFSM03_N.B).
U.S. 5-year Treasury yield: Quarterly average of the
yield on 5-year U.S. Treasury bonds, constructed for
the FRB/U.S. model by Federal Reserve staff based
on the Svensson smoothed term structure model; see
Lars E. O. Svensson (1995), “Estimating Forward
Interest Rates with the Extended Nelson-Siegel
Method,” Quarterly Review, no. 3, Sveriges Riks-
bank, pp. 13–26.
U.S. 10-year Treasury yield: Quarterly average of the
yield on 10-year U.S. Treasury bonds, constructed
for the FRB/U.S. model by Federal Reserve staff
based on the Svensson smoothed term structure
model; see id.
U.S. BBB corporate yield: Merrill Lynch 10-year
BBB corporate bond yield, Z.1 Release (Financial
Accounts of the United States), Federal Reserve
Board (series FL073163013.Q).
U.S. mortgage rate: Quarterly average of weekly
series for the interest rate of a conventional, con-
forming, 30-year fixed-rate mortgage, obtained from
the Primary Mortgage Market Survey of the Federal
Home Loan Mortgage Corporation.
U.S. prime rate: Quarterly average of monthly series,
H.15 Release (Selected Interest Rates), Federal
Reserve Board (series RIFSPBLP_N.M).
U.S. Dow Jones Total Stock Market (Float Cap)
Index: End of quarter value via Bloomberg
Finance L.P .
*U.S. House Price Index: Price Index for Owner-
Occupied Real Estate, CoreLogic National, Z.1
Release (Financial Accounts of the United States),
Federal Reserve Board (series FL075035243.Q).
*U.S. Commercial Real Estate Price Index: Commer-
cial Real Estate Price Index, Z.1 Release (Financial
Accounts of the United States), Federal Reserve
Board (series FL075035503.Q divided by 1000).
U.S. Market Volatility Index (VIX): VIX converted
to quarterly frequency using the maximum close-of
day value in any quarter, Chicago Board Options
Exchange via Bloomberg Finance LP .
*Euro area real GDP growth: Percent change in real
gross domestic product at an annualized rate, staff
calculations based on Statistical Office of the Euro-
pean Communities via Haver, extended back using
ECB Area Wide Model dataset (ECB Working Paper
series no. 42).
Euro area inflation: Percent change in the quarterly
average of the harmonized index of consumer prices
at an annualized rate, staff calculations based on Sta-
tistical Office of the European Communities via
Haver.
56 Supervisory Stress Test Results
*Developing Asia real GDP growth: Percent change
in real gross domestic product at an annualized rate,
staff calculations based on data from Bank of Korea
via Haver; National Bureau of Statistics of China via
Haver; Indian Central Statistics Office via Haver;
Census and Statistics Department of Hong Kong via
Haver; and Taiwan Directorate-General of Budget,
Accounting and Statistics via Haver.
*Developing Asia inflation: Percent change in the
quarterly average of the consumer price index, or
local equivalent, at an annualized rate, staff calcula-
tions based on data from National Bureau of Statis-
tics of China via Haver; Indian Ministry of Statistics
and Programme Implementation via Haver; Labour
Bureau of India via Haver; National Statistical
Office of the Republic of Korea via Haver; Census
and Statistics Department of Hong Kong via Haver;
and Taiwan Directorate-General of Budget,
Accounting and Statistics via Haver.
*Japan real GDP growth: Percent change in gross
domestic product at an annualized rate from 1980 to
present and percent change in gross domestic expen-
diture at an annualized rate prior to 1980, Cabinet
Office of Japan via Haver.
Japan inflation: Percent change in the quarterly aver-
age of the consumer price index at an annualized
rate, based on data from the Ministry of Internal
Affairs and Communications via Haver.
*U.K. real GDP growth: Percent change in gross
domestic product at an annualized rate, U.K. Office
for National Statistics via Haver.
U.K. inflation: Percent change in the quarterly aver-
age of the consumer price index at an annualized
rate from 1988 to present and percent change in the
quarterly average of the retail prices index prior to
1988, staff calculations based on data from the U.K.
Office for National Statistics via Haver.
Exchange rates: End-of-quarter exchange rates, H.10
Release (Foreign Exchange Rates), Federal Reserve
Board.
June 2019 57

Appendix B: Firm-Specific Results
Tables begin on next page.
59
Table B.1.A. Bank of America Corporation
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.6   9.7   9.7
  Tier 1 capital ratio  13.2  11.2  11.2
  Total capital ratio  15.4  13.5  13.5
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.4   7.1   7.1
  Supplementary leverage ratio   6.8   5.8   5.8
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  43.6   4.4
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   2.5   1.2
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   0.9   1.9
    Commercial and industrial
2  13.3   4.8
    Commercial real estate, domestic   4.8   6.7
    Credit cards  14.8  14.7
    Other consumer
3   1.6   2.0
    Other loans4   5.8   3.0
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  1,437.2  1,465.7
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   42.3   1.8
    equals
    Net interest income   98.6   4.2
    Noninterest income   83.7   3.5
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  140.0   5.9
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   48.3    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.2    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   8.9    
  Other losses/gains5   2.7    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -17.8  -0.7
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   12.5    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -11.2   1.3
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
60 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table B.1.B. Bank of America Corporation
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.6  11.9  11.5
  Tier 1 capital ratio  13.2  13.4  12.9
  Total capital ratio  15.4  15.3  15.3
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.4   8.5   8.3
  Supplementary leverage ratio   6.8   6.9   6.7
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  27.3   2.8
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   1.0   0.5
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   0.4   0.8
    Commercial and industrial
2   8.4   3.0
    Commercial real estate, domestic   2.1   2.9
    Credit cards  10.7  10.6
    Other consumer
3   1.2   1.4
    Other loans4   3.6   1.8
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  1,437.2  1,493.0
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   54.3  2.3
    equals
    Net interest income  100.3  4.2
    Noninterest income   92.3  3.8
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  138.3  5.8
  Other revenue3   0.0   
    less
  Provisions   27.3   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.1   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   5.3   
  Other losses/gains5   1.9   
    equals
  Net income before taxes   19.6  0.8
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   11.6   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -11.2  0.4
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
June 2019 61
Table B.2.A. The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.7  13.1  11.3
  Tier 1 capital ratio  14.1  15.4  13.6
  Total capital ratio  15.1  16.6  14.7
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   6.6   7.2   6.4
  Supplementary leverage ratio   6.0   6.6   5.9
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  1.4  2.5
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.2  1.7
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0  8.7
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.1  3.2
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.2  7.0
    Credit cards  0.0  0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.3  9.9
    Other loans4  0.6  1.6
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  149.6  151.7
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   7.3   2.0
    equals
    Net interest income   6.7   1.8
    Noninterest income  26.2   7.2
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  25.7   7.0
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   1.8    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.1    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   1.1    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   4.3   1.2
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   1.5    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -3.2  -1.7
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
62 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table B.2.B. The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.7  13.9  12.2
  Tier 1 capital ratio  14.1  16.1  14.5
  Total capital ratio  15.1  17.2  15.5
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   6.6   7.5   6.8
  Supplementary leverage ratio   6.0   6.9   6.3
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  0.9  1.6
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.1  0.9
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0  5.2
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.1  2.0
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.1  2.6
    Credit cards  0.0  0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.3  8.0
    Other loans4  0.4  1.0
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  149.6  154.2
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   8.0   2.2
    equals
    Net interest income   6.5   1.7
    Noninterest income  27.4   7.4
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  25.9   7.0
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   1.1    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.1    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.8    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   6.0   1.6
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   1.6    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -3.2  -1.5
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
June 2019 63
Table B.3.A. Barclays US LLC
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  14.5  12.4  11.6
  Tier 1 capital ratio  17.6  15.4  14.5
  Total capital ratio  21.0  18.5  17.8
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.9   7.8   7.5
  Supplementary leverage ratio   7.3   6.3   6.1
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  4.2  10.3
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.0   0.0
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0   0.0
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.0  22.6
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.0   6.3
    Credit cards  4.0  15.1
    Other consumer
3  0.1  13.7
    Other loans4  0.1   0.7
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  87.0  88.0
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   4.6   3.0
    equals
    Net interest income   7.7   4.9
    Noninterest income  12.0   7.7
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  15.1   9.6
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   4.5    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.8    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -0.6  -0.4
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
64 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table B.3.B. Barclays US LLC
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  14.5  14.9  13.5
  Tier 1 capital ratio  17.6  17.8  16.4
  Total capital ratio  21.0  20.8  20.0
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.9   9.0   8.4
  Supplementary leverage ratio   7.3   7.3   6.8
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  3.1   7.5
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.0   0.0
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0   0.0
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.0  18.5
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.0   2.4
    Credit cards  3.0  11.0
    Other consumer
3  0.1  11.0
    Other loans4  0.1   0.5
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  87.0  89.8
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   5.2  3.3
    equals
    Net interest income   8.0  5.0
    Noninterest income  12.5  7.9
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  15.2  9.6
  Other revenue3   0.0   
    less
  Provisions   3.0   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.3   
  Other losses/gains5   0.0   
    equals
  Net income before taxes   1.9  1.2
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0  0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
June 2019 65
Table B.4.A. Capital One Financial Corporation
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.2  6.0  6.0
  Tier 1 capital ratio  12.7  7.4  7.4
  Total capital ratio  15.1  9.6  9.6
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  10.7  6.5  6.5
  Supplementary leverage ratio   9.0  5.5  5.5
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  38.6  15.1
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   0.0   2.2
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   0.0   5.1
    Commercial and industrial
2   4.1  11.8
    Commercial real estate, domestic   1.6   5.3
    Credit cards  26.5  23.0
    Other consumer
3   5.2   9.1
    Other loans4   1.1   6.3
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  294.9  313.4
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   30.7   8.2
    equals
    Net interest income   51.3  13.6
    Noninterest income   11.1   2.9
    less
    Noninterest expense
2   31.6   8.4
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   44.3    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.1    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -13.6  -3.6
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   1.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   -0.9   0.1
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
66 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table B.4.B. Capital One Financial Corporation
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.2  10.3   9.9
  Tier 1 capital ratio  12.7  11.7  11.3
  Total capital ratio  15.1  13.8  13.6
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  10.7  10.3  10.1
  Supplementary leverage ratio   9.0   8.7   8.5
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  28.3  11.0
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   0.0   1.1
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   0.0   3.4
    Commercial and industrial
2   2.8   7.9
    Commercial real estate, domestic   0.7   2.2
    Credit cards  20.0  17.2
    Other consumer
3   4.2   7.2
    Other loans4   0.7   3.6
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  294.9  321.3
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue  31.7   8.3
    equals
    Net interest income  52.0  13.7
    Noninterest income  11.2   3.0
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  31.5   8.3
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions  31.2    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   0.5   0.1
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   1.1    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.9   0.2
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
June 2019 67
Table B.5.A. Citigroup Inc.
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.9   9.5   8.2
  Tier 1 capital ratio  13.5  11.1   9.7
  Total capital ratio  16.6  14.1  12.9
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.3   6.8   6.1
  Supplementary leverage ratio   6.4   5.3   4.7
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  46.9   6.6
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   1.6   2.1
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   0.6   4.3
    Commercial and industrial
2   7.9   4.4
    Commercial real estate, domestic   2.0   8.5
    Credit cards  25.1  15.2
    Other consumer
3   3.1  10.5
    Other loans4   6.5   3.0
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  1,174.4  1,195.2
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   56.7   2.9
    equals
    Net interest income  112.9   5.8
    Noninterest income   48.8   2.5
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  105.0   5.4
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   49.9    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.9    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   15.7    
  Other losses/gains5   1.9    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -11.6   -0.6
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   5.2    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -36.4  -31.2
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
68 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table B.5.B. Citigroup Inc.
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.9  12.2  10.8
  Tier 1 capital ratio  13.5  13.7  12.3
  Total capital ratio  16.6  16.3  15.4
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.3   8.5   7.7
  Supplementary leverage ratio   6.4   6.5   5.9
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  33.1   4.7
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   0.8   1.0
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   0.3   2.4
    Commercial and industrial
2   5.6   3.1
    Commercial real estate, domestic   0.8   3.5
    Credit cards  18.9  11.3
    Other consumer
3   2.7   8.9
    Other loans4   4.1   1.9
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  1,174.4  1,220.6
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   64.1   3.3
    equals
    Net interest income  112.1   5.7
    Noninterest income   56.0   2.9
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  104.0   5.3
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   32.3    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.4    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   6.9    
  Other losses/gains5   1.2    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   23.2   1.2
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   5.6    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -36.4  -30.8
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
June 2019 69
Table B.6.A. Credit Suisse Holdings (USA), Inc.
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  25.8  22.3  18.4
  Tier 1 capital ratio  26.5  23.2  19.3
  Total capital ratio  26.6  23.2  19.4
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  12.9  10.1   8.5
  Supplementary leverage ratio  11.3   8.8   7.4
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  0.1   0.6
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.0   0.0
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0   0.0
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.0   0.0
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.0   0.0
    Credit cards  0.0   0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.0  13.7
    Other loans4  0.1   0.6
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  61.3  55.1
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   2.3   1.9
    equals
    Net interest income   1.2   1.0
    Noninterest income  11.9   9.7
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  10.9   8.8
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   0.1    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   4.8    
  Other losses/gains5   0.1    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -2.6  -2.1
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.1  -0.1
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
70 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table B.6.B. Credit Suisse Holdings (USA), Inc.
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  25.8  24.7  20.9
  Tier 1 capital ratio  26.5  25.5  21.7
  Total capital ratio  26.6  25.5  21.8
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  12.9  11.4  10.0
  Supplementary leverage ratio  11.3  10.0   8.7
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  0.1   0.6
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.0   0.0
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0   0.0
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.0   0.0
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.0   0.0
    Credit cards  0.0   0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.0  11.0
    Other loans4  0.1   0.5
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  61.3  58.0
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   2.8   2.2
    equals
    Net interest income   1.2   1.0
    Noninterest income  12.5  10.1
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  11.0   8.8
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   0.1    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   3.1    
  Other losses/gains5   0.1    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -0.5  -0.4
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.1  -0.1
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
June 2019 71
Table B.7.A. DB USA Corporation
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1, 2
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  22.9  15.0  14.8
  Tier 1 capital ratio  34.4  26.4  26.2
  Total capital ratio  34.4  26.7  26.6
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.2   6.9   6.9
  Supplementary leverage ratio   8.4   6.4   6.3
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
2
 
DWS USA Corporation, the second U.S. intermediate holding company
subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG, was subject to DFAST 2019 and maintained
capital above each minimum regulatory capital ratio on a post-stress basis.
DWS USA Corporation had about $2 billion in assets as of the end of 2018.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  0.4  3.6
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.1  2.3
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0  5.4
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.0  1.0
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.2  9.5
    Credit cards  0.0  0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.0  7.1
    Other loans4  0.1  1.9
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  36.5  36.7
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue  -0.4  -0.3
    equals
    Net interest income   1.5   1.2
    Noninterest income  11.2   9.0
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  13.1  10.5
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   0.5    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   1.3    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -2.2  -1.7
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.3  -0.3
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
72 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table B.7.B. DB USA Corporation
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1, 2
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  22.9  17.8  17.6
  Tier 1 capital ratio  34.4  28.7  28.6
  Total capital ratio  34.4  28.9  28.8
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.2   7.8   7.7
  Supplementary leverage ratio   8.4   7.1   7.1
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
2
 
DWS USA Corporation, the second U.S. intermediate holding company
subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG, was subject to DFAST 2019 and maintained
capital above each minimum regulatory capital ratio on a post-stress basis.
DWS USA Corporation had about $2 billion in assets as of the end of 2018.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  0.2  1.8
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.0  1.4
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0  4.1
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.0  0.6
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.1  3.4
    Credit cards  0.0  0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.0  5.8
    Other loans4  0.0  1.2
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  36.5  38.3
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   0.1   0.1
    equals
    Net interest income   1.5   1.2
    Noninterest income  11.7   9.3
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  13.2  10.5
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   0.2    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.7    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -0.9  -0.7
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.3  -0.3
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
June 2019 73
Table B.8.A. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  13.3   9.9   7.6
  Tier 1 capital ratio  15.3  11.9   9.5
  Total capital ratio  18.0  14.6  12.4
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.9   6.7   5.7
  Supplementary leverage ratio   6.2   4.7   4.0
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  9.7   8.9
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.7  22.9
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0   3.6
    Commercial and industrial
2  3.0  13.1
    Commercial real estate, domestic  1.0  14.2
    Credit cards  0.0   5.6
    Other consumer
3  1.0  14.0
    Other loans4  4.0   5.8
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  547.9  544.6
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   12.9   1.4
    equals
    Net interest income   9.2   1.0
    Noninterest income   54.5   5.8
    less
    Noninterest expense
2   50.8   5.4
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   11.2    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   13.6    
  Other losses/gains5   6.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -18.0  -1.9
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.8    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.7   1.5
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
74 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table B.8.B. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  13.3  13.3  11.4
  Tier 1 capital ratio  15.3  15.2  13.2
  Total capital ratio  18.0  17.7  16.0
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.9   8.8   7.8
  Supplementary leverage ratio   6.2   6.2   5.5
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  6.2   5.7
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.5  19.0
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0   2.7
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.9   8.3
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.4   5.7
    Credit cards  0.0   4.0
    Other consumer
3  0.9  12.0
    Other loans4  2.5   3.6
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  547.9  564.9
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue  20.6  2.2
    equals
    Net interest income   9.6  1.0
    Noninterest income  61.7  6.5
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  50.8  5.3
  Other revenue3   0.0   
    less
  Provisions   7.0   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   5.1   
  Other losses/gains5   4.6   
    equals
  Net income before taxes   3.9  0.4
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.7   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.7  1.4
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
June 2019 75
Table B.9.A. HSBC North America Holdings Inc.
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  12.6   8.5   8.5
  Tier 1 capital ratio  14.2  10.1  10.1
  Total capital ratio  18.0  14.2  14.2
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   7.5   5.1   5.1
  Supplementary leverage ratio   5.6   3.8   3.8
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  3.5   5.1
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.3   1.8
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0   3.0
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.4   5.4
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.9   8.3
    Credit cards  0.2  16.4
    Other consumer
3  0.0   9.2
    Other loans4  0.6   5.5
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  140.8  138.9
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue  -0.8  -0.3
    equals
    Net interest income   5.0   1.8
    Noninterest income   5.0   1.8
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  10.8   3.9
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   3.9    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   2.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -6.8  -2.4
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   2.2    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.7   1.4
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
76 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table B.9.B. HSBC North America Holdings Inc.
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  12.6  10.9  10.9
  Tier 1 capital ratio  14.2  12.5  12.5
  Total capital ratio  18.0  16.2  16.2
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   7.5   6.4   6.4
  Supplementary leverage ratio   5.6   4.7   4.7
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  1.9   2.7
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.1   0.7
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0   1.9
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.9   3.4
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.4   3.1
    Credit cards  0.1  11.3
    Other consumer
3  0.0   7.6
    Other loans4  0.3   3.3
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  140.8  142.0
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   0.1   0.0
    equals
    Net interest income   5.0   1.8
    Noninterest income   5.7   2.0
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  10.6   3.7
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   1.9    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   1.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -2.8  -1.0
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   1.9    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.7   1.2
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
June 2019 77
Table B.10.A. JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  12.0   8.2   8.1
  Tier 1 capital ratio  13.7   9.9   9.8
  Total capital ratio  15.5  11.9  11.8
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.1   5.9   5.8
  Supplementary leverage ratio   6.4   4.7   4.6
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  60.2   5.9
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   3.2   1.3
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   0.9   2.4
    Commercial and industrial
2  17.3   9.6
    Commercial real estate, domestic   4.0   3.4
    Credit cards  22.0  15.0
    Other consumer
3   2.1   3.4
    Other loans4  10.8   4.8
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  1,528.9  1,572.2
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   60.0   2.3
    equals
    Net interest income  116.3   4.4
    Noninterest income   98.6   3.7
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  154.9   5.9
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   66.7    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.7    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   21.2    
  Other losses/gains5   1.2    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -29.9  -1.1
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   2.6    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   -1.4   1.2
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
78 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table B.10.B. JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  12.0  10.9  10.6
  Tier 1 capital ratio  13.7  12.6  12.3
  Total capital ratio  15.5  14.2  14.1
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.1   7.5   7.4
  Supplementary leverage ratio   6.4   5.9   5.9
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  39.3   3.8
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   1.4   0.5
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   0.6   1.5
    Commercial and industrial
2  11.4   6.3
    Commercial real estate, domestic   1.9   1.6
    Credit cards  15.8  10.7
    Other consumer
3   1.6   2.6
    Other loans4   6.6   2.9
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  1,528.9  1,602.7
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   72.8  2.7
    equals
    Net interest income  117.2  4.4
    Noninterest income  108.6  4.1
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  153.0  5.7
  Other revenue3   0.0   
    less
  Provisions   39.9   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.4   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   12.1   
  Other losses/gains5   0.9   
    equals
  Net income before taxes   19.5  0.7
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   4.0   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   -1.4  2.6
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
June 2019 79
Table B.11.A. Morgan Stanley
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  16.9  11.1   8.9
  Tier 1 capital ratio  19.2  13.4  11.1
  Total capital ratio  21.8  15.7  13.6
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.4   5.7   5.1
  Supplementary leverage ratio   6.5   4.4   3.9
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  4.1  3.2
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.4  1.4
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0  3.6
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.9  8.6
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.9  7.6
    Credit cards  0.0  0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.1  0.6
    Other loans4  1.9  3.1
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  367.3  367.6
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   3.4   0.4
    equals
    Net interest income   9.1   1.1
    Noninterest income   60.8   7.1
    less
    Noninterest expense
2   66.5   7.7
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   5.2    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   9.8    
  Other losses/gains5   5.3    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -16.9  -2.0
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   2.2    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   -2.3  -0.1
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
80 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table B.11.B. Morgan Stanley
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  16.9  14.5  13.1
  Tier 1 capital ratio  19.2  16.8  15.4
  Total capital ratio  21.8  18.8  17.7
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.4   7.2   6.8
  Supplementary leverage ratio   6.5   5.6   5.3
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  2.4  1.8
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.2  0.7
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0  2.7
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.6  5.3
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.3  2.8
    Credit cards  0.0  0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.1  0.6
    Other loans4  1.2  1.9
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  367.3  377.4
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   8.9   1.0
    equals
    Net interest income   9.3   1.1
    Noninterest income  66.4   7.6
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  66.7   7.7
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   2.9    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   5.2    
  Other losses/gains5   3.6    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -2.7  -0.3
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   2.1    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -2.3  -0.2
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
June 2019 81
Table B.12.A. Northern Trust Corporation
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  12.9  13.2  10.7
  Tier 1 capital ratio  14.1  14.5  12.0
  Total capital ratio  16.1  16.5  14.0
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.0   8.2   6.8
  Supplementary leverage ratio   7.0   7.2   6.0
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  1.5   4.7
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.1   1.5
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.1   6.1
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.2   5.5
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.2   6.1
    Credit cards  0.0   0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.0  13.7
    Other loans4  0.9   4.9
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  67.8  69.6
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   3.0  2.2
    equals
    Net interest income   3.0  2.3
    Noninterest income   8.8  6.6
    less
    Noninterest expense
2   8.9  6.6
  Other revenue3   0.0   
    less
  Provisions   1.9   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.1   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0   
  Other losses/gains5   0.0   
    equals
  Net income before taxes   1.0  0.7
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.6   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.5  0.1
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
82 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table B.12.B. Northern Trust Corporation
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  12.9  13.7  11.3
  Tier 1 capital ratio  14.1  14.9  12.6
  Total capital ratio  16.1  16.7  14.5
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   8.0   8.4   7.1
  Supplementary leverage ratio   7.0   7.4   6.3
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  0.9   2.7
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.0   0.6
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0   4.2
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.2   3.3
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.1   2.5
    Credit cards  0.0   0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.0  11.0
    Other loans4  0.5   3.0
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  67.8  70.6
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   2.8  2.1
    equals
    Net interest income   2.8  2.0
    Noninterest income   9.0  6.6
    less
    Noninterest expense
2   9.0  6.6
  Other revenue3   0.0   
    less
  Provisions   1.1   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.1   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0   
  Other losses/gains5   0.0   
    equals
  Net income before taxes   1.6  1.2
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.6   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.5  0.1
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
June 2019 83
Table B.13.A. The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio   9.6   8.5   8.5
  Tier 1 capital ratio  10.8   9.7   9.6
  Total capital ratio  13.0  12.0  12.0
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.4   8.4   8.4
  Supplementary leverage ratio   7.8   7.1   7.1
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  10.9   4.7
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   0.3   1.2
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   0.3   1.5
    Commercial and industrial
2   5.3   6.0
    Commercial real estate, domestic   2.4   7.0
    Credit cards   0.9  16.3
    Other consumer
3   0.9   3.7
    Other loans4   0.7   2.3
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  320.6  329.1
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue  11.9  3.1
    equals
    Net interest income  22.0  5.7
    Noninterest income  14.7  3.8
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  24.8  6.4
  Other revenue3   0.0   
    less
  Provisions  11.7   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.1   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0   
  Other losses/gains5   0.3   
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -0.2  0.0
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   2.0   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.8  1.2
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
84 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table B.13.B. The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio   9.6  10.3   9.9
  Tier 1 capital ratio  10.8  11.4  11.0
  Total capital ratio  13.0  13.3  13.1
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.4   9.9   9.7
  Supplementary leverage ratio   7.8   8.3   8.1
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  6.5   2.8
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.2   0.7
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.1   0.6
    Commercial and industrial
2  3.4   3.8
    Commercial real estate, domestic  1.0   2.9
    Credit cards  0.6  11.3
    Other consumer
3  0.7   3.0
    Other loans4  0.5   1.4
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  320.6  335.8
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue  13.7  3.5
    equals
    Net interest income  22.4  5.7
    Noninterest income  16.0  4.1
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  24.6  6.3
  Other revenue3   0.0   
    less
  Provisions   6.3   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.1   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0   
  Other losses/gains5   0.2   
    equals
  Net income before taxes   7.2  1.8
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   2.1   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.8  1.3
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
June 2019 85
Table B.14.A. State Street Corporation
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.7  11.8  10.9
  Tier 1 capital ratio  15.5  15.5  14.6
  Total capital ratio  16.3  16.2  15.4
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   7.2   7.2   6.8
  Supplementary leverage ratio   6.3   6.3   6.0
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  1.0  3.8
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.0  0.0
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0  0.0
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.3  6.9
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.1  6.2
    Credit cards  0.0  0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.0  0.6
    Other loans4  0.6  3.0
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  98.8  100.4
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   3.4  1.4
    equals
    Net interest income   4.5  1.8
    Noninterest income  18.8  7.6
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  19.9  8.1
  Other revenue3   0.0   
    less
  Provisions   1.2   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.1   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   1.2   
  Other losses/gains5   0.0   
    equals
  Net income before taxes   0.9  0.4
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   1.3   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -1.3  0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
86 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table B.14.B. State Street Corporation
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.7  12.5  12.1
  Tier 1 capital ratio  15.5  16.1  15.8
  Total capital ratio  16.3  16.7  16.6
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   7.2   7.5   7.4
  Supplementary leverage ratio   6.3   6.5   6.5
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  0.7  2.5
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.0  0.0
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0  0.0
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.2  4.1
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.0  2.3
    Credit cards  0.0  0.0
    Other consumer
3  0.0  0.6
    Other loans4  0.4  2.1
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  98.8  101.8
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   3.6  1.4
    equals
    Net interest income   4.1  1.6
    Noninterest income  19.5  7.8
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  20.0  8.0
  Other revenue3   0.0   
    less
  Provisions   0.8   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.1   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.8   
  Other losses/gains5   0.0   
    equals
  Net income before taxes   1.9  0.8
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   1.4   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -1.3  0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
June 2019 87
Table B.15.A. TD Group US Holdings LLC
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  16.3  13.7  12.9
  Tier 1 capital ratio  16.3  13.7  12.9
  Total capital ratio  17.3  15.0  14.2
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.2   7.8   7.5
  Supplementary leverage ratio   8.3   7.0   6.7
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  8.7   5.5
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.4   1.6
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.3   3.9
    Commercial and industrial
2  2.1   6.0
    Commercial real estate, domestic  1.5   5.3
    Credit cards  2.9  20.2
    Other consumer
3  0.7   2.9
    Other loans4  0.8   3.2
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  207.6  212.7
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   6.9   1.7
    equals
    Net interest income  18.6   4.7
    Noninterest income   5.2   1.3
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  16.9   4.3
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   9.3    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.2    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -2.6  -0.7
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6  -0.2    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.3  -0.4
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
88 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table B.15.B. TD Group US Holdings LLC
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  16.3  15.5  14.9
  Tier 1 capital ratio  16.3  15.5  14.9
  Total capital ratio  17.3  16.4  16.1
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.2   8.8   8.6
  Supplementary leverage ratio   8.3   7.9   7.7
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  5.7   3.5
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.3   1.0
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.2   2.8
    Commercial and industrial
2  1.3   3.7
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.7   2.3
    Credit cards  2.2  15.2
    Other consumer
3  0.5   2.2
    Other loans4  0.5   1.9
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  207.6  216.5
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   6.8  1.7
    equals
    Net interest income  18.1  4.5
    Noninterest income   5.7  1.4
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  16.9  4.3
  Other revenue3   0.0   
    less
  Provisions   5.5   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.2   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0   
  Other losses/gains5   0.0   
    equals
  Net income before taxes   1.2  0.3
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.2   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -0.3  0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
June 2019 89
Table B.16.A. UBS Americas Holding LLC
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  21.7  16.8  16.0
  Tier 1 capital ratio  25.7  20.7  19.9
  Total capital ratio  27.0  22.8  21.9
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  11.3   9.0   8.8
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a  n/a  n/a
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  1.3   2.2
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.2   1.7
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0   0.0
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.5   8.5
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.0   5.5
    Credit cards  0.0  16.4
    Other consumer
3  0.2   0.7
    Other loans4  0.3   3.1
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  54.1  54.0
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   2.3   1.6
    equals
    Net interest income   3.0   2.1
    Noninterest income  24.7  17.2
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  25.4  17.6
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   1.6    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   1.5    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes  -0.8  -0.6
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
90 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table B.16.B. UBS Americas Holding LLC
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  21.7  19.9  18.6
  Tier 1 capital ratio  25.7  23.8  22.6
  Total capital ratio  27.0  25.5  24.1
  Tier 1 leverage ratio  11.3  10.4   9.9
  Supplementary leverage ratio  n/a  n/a  n/a
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
n/a   Not applicable.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  0.8   1.4
    First-lien mortgages, domestic  0.1   0.8
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic  0.0   0.0
    Commercial and industrial
2  0.3   5.2
    Commercial real estate, domestic  0.0   2.2
    Credit cards  0.0  11.3
    Other consumer
3  0.2   0.6
    Other loans4  0.2   2.0
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  54.1  55.4
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   2.8   1.9
    equals
    Net interest income   3.1   2.1
    Noninterest income  25.4  17.4
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  25.7  17.6
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   1.1    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.6    
  Other losses/gains5   0.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   1.1   0.8
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   0.0    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   0.0   0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
June 2019 91
Table B.17.A. U.S. Bancorp
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio   9.1   8.1   8.1
  Tier 1 capital ratio  10.7   9.7   9.7
  Total capital ratio  12.6  11.4  11.4
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.0   8.2   8.2
  Supplementary leverage ratio   7.2   6.6   6.6
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  16.3   5.6
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   0.9   1.4
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   0.6   3.9
    Commercial and industrial
2   5.2   6.3
    Commercial real estate, domestic   3.0   8.2
    Credit cards   3.9  16.4
    Other consumer
3   1.5   3.6
    Other loans4   1.1   4.6
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  381.7  393.6
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue  18.2  3.9
    equals
    Net interest income  27.5  5.8
    Noninterest income  20.5  4.4
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  29.9  6.3
  Other revenue3   0.0   
    less
  Provisions  17.6   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0   
  Other losses/gains5   0.0   
    equals
  Net income before taxes   0.5  0.1
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   2.6   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -2.4  0.2
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
92 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table B.17.B. U.S. Bancorp
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio   9.1  10.0   9.6
  Tier 1 capital ratio  10.7  11.5  11.2
  Total capital ratio  12.6  12.9  12.9
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.0   9.8   9.6
  Supplementary leverage ratio   7.2   7.8   7.6
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  10.4   3.5
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   0.4   0.6
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   0.4   2.6
    Commercial and industrial
2   3.5   4.2
    Commercial real estate, domestic   1.4   3.7
    Credit cards   2.9  12.0
    Other consumer
3   1.1   2.6
    Other loans4   0.7   3.0
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  381.7  398.9
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue  19.6  4.1
    equals
    Net interest income  27.9  5.8
    Noninterest income  21.2  4.4
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  29.5  6.2
  Other revenue3   0.0   
    less
  Provisions  10.1   
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   0.0   
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   0.0   
  Other losses/gains5   0.0   
    equals
  Net income before taxes   9.4  2.0
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   2.5   
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7  -2.4  0.0
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
June 2019 93
Table B.18.A. Wells Fargo & Company
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Severely adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.7  10.1   9.5
  Tier 1 capital ratio  13.5  11.8  11.2
  Total capital ratio  16.6  14.8  14.5
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.1   8.0   7.6
  Supplementary leverage ratio   7.7   6.8   6.5
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  43.5   4.5
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   3.2   1.1
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   1.3   2.8
    Commercial and industrial
2  11.0   5.6
    Commercial real estate, domestic  10.0   7.7
    Credit cards   6.8  17.2
    Other consumer
3   4.3   5.8
    Other loans4   6.7   3.4
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  1,247.2  1,277.9
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   62.2   3.3
    equals
    Net interest income  112.4   5.9
    Noninterest income   78.3   4.1
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  128.5   6.7
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   47.9    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   2.3    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   8.5    
  Other losses/gains5   1.4    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   2.1   0.1
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   2.9    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   -5.8  -2.9
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
94 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Table B.18.B. Wells Fargo & Company
Projected stressed capital ratios, risk-weighted assets, losses, revenues, net income before
taxes, and loan losses
Federal Reserve estimates: Adverse scenario
 
Capital ratios, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2019:Q1–2021:Q1
Percent
 Regulatory ratio  Actual
2018:Q4
 Stressed capital ratios1
 Ending  Minimum
  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  11.7  12.3  11.4
  Tier 1 capital ratio  13.5  14.0  13.1
  Total capital ratio  16.6  16.6  16.2
  Tier 1 leverage ratio   9.1   9.4   8.9
  Supplementary leverage ratio   7.7   8.0   7.6
1
 
The capital ratios are calculated using capital action assumptions provided
within the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing rule. See 12 CFR 252.56(b). These
projections represent hypothetical estimates that involve an economic outcome
that is more adverse than expected. The minimum capital ratios are for the
period 2019:Q1 to 2021:Q1. Supplementary leverage ratio projections only
include estimates for firms subject to the advanced approaches.
 
Projected loan losses, by type of loan, 2019:Q1–2021:Q1
 Loan type  Billions of
dollars
 Portfolio loss
rates (percent)1
  Loan losses  25.8   2.6
    First-lien mortgages, domestic   1.2   0.4
    Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic   0.7   1.4
    Commercial and industrial
2   7.1   3.6
    Commercial real estate, domestic   4.1   3.2
    Credit cards   5.0  12.6
    Other consumer
3   3.6   4.7
    Other loans4   4.0   2.0
1
 
Average loan balances used to calculate portfolio loss rates exclude loans held
for sale and loans held for investment under the fair-value option, and are
calculated over nine quarters.
2
 
Commercial and industrial loans include small- and medium-enterprise loans
and corporate cards.
3
 
Other consumer loans include student loans and automobile loans.
4
 
Other loans include international real estate loans.
Risk-weighted assets, actual 2018:Q4 and projected
2021:Q1
Billions of dollars
 Item  Actual
2018:Q4
 Projected
2021:Q1
  Risk-weighted assets1  1,247.2  1,299.1
1
 
For each quarter, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the Board’s
standardized capital risk-based approach in 12 CFR part 217, subpart D.
 
Projected losses, revenue, and net income before taxes
through 2021:Q1
 Item  Billions of
dollars
 Percent of
average assets1
  Pre-provision net revenue   69.2   3.6
    equals
    Net interest income  112.9   5.8
    Noninterest income   84.0   4.3
    less
    Noninterest expense
2  127.8   6.6
  Other revenue3   0.0    
    less
  Provisions   25.6    
  Realized losses/gains on securities (AFS/HTM)   1.0    
  Trading and counterparty losses
4   4.1    
  Other losses/gains5   1.0    
    equals
  Net income before taxes   37.5   1.9
   Memo items     
  Other comprehensive income
6   5.5    
  Other effects on capital  Actual 2018:Q4  2021:Q1
  AOCI included in capital (billions of dollars)
7   -5.8  -0.3
1
 
Average assets is the nine-quarter average of total assets.
2
 
Noninterest expense includes losses from operational-risk events and other
real estate owned (OREO) costs.
3
 
Other revenue includes one-time income and (expense) items not included in
pre-provision net revenue.
4
 
Trading and counterparty losses include mark-to-market and credit valuation
adjustment (CVA) losses and losses arising from the counterparty default
scenario component applied to derivatives, securities lending, and repurchase
agreement activities.
5
 
Other losses/gains include projected change in fair value of loans held for sale
and loans held for investment measured under the fair-value option, and
goodwill impairment losses.
6
 
Other comprehensive income (OCI) is only calculated for advanced approaches
firms, and other firms that opt into the advanced approaches treatment of
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
7
 
Certain aspects of AOCI are subject to transition arrangements for inclusion in
projected regulatory capital. The transition arrangements are 100 percent
included in projected regulatory capital starting in 2018. See 12 CFR
217.300(b)(3).
June 2019 95

Appendix C: Additional Aggregate Results
Figure C.1. First-lien mortgages, domestic loss rates in the severely adverse scenario
0.0 0.5 1.0 1.5 2.0 2.5 3.0
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
UBS Americas 
TD Group 
State Street 
PNC 
Northern Trust 
Morgan Stanley 
JPMorgan Chase 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
DB USA 
Credit Suisse USA 
Citigroup 
Capital One 
Barclays US 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
22.9 
Percent 
Median = 1.6%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2019:Q1-2021:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
97
Figure C.2. Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic loss rates in the severely adverse scenario
0.0 2.0 4.0 6.0 8.0 10.0
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
UBS Americas 
TD Group 
State Street 
PNC 
Northern Trust 
Morgan Stanley 
JPMorgan Chase 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
DB USA 
Credit Suisse USA 
Citigroup 
Capital One 
Barclays US 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
Percent 
Median = 3.75% 
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2019:Q1-2021:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
98 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Figure C.3. Commercial and industrial loss rates in the severely adverse scenario
0.0 5.0 10.0 15.0 20.0 25.0
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
UBS Americas 
TD Group 
State Street 
PNC 
Northern Trust 
Morgan Stanley 
JPMorgan Chase 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
DB USA 
Credit Suisse USA 
Citigroup 
Capital One 
Barclays US 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
Percent 
Median = 6.0%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2019:Q1-2021:Q1 as a percent of average balances. Losses are calculated based on the exposure at default, which
includes both outstanding balances and any additional drawdown of the credit line that occurs prior to default, while loss rates are calculated as a percent of outstanding
balances.
June 2019 99
Figure C.4. Commercial real estate, domestic loss rates in the severely adverse scenario
0.0 3.0 6.0 9.0 12.0 15.0
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
UBS Americas 
TD Group 
State Street 
PNC 
Northern Trust 
Morgan Stanley 
JPMorgan Chase 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
DB USA 
Credit Suisse USA 
Citigroup 
Capital One 
Barclays US 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
Percent 
Median = 7.0%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2019:Q1-2021:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
100 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Figure C.5. Credit card loss rates in the severely adverse scenario
0.0 5.0 10.0 15.0 20.0 25.0
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
UBS Americas 
TD Group 
State Street 
PNC 
Northern Trust 
Morgan Stanley 
JPMorgan Chase 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
DB USA 
Credit Suisse USA 
Citigroup 
Capital One 
Barclays US 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
Percent 
Median = 16.35%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2019:Q1-2021:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
June 2019 101
Figure C.6. Other consumer loss rates in the severely adverse scenario
0.0 3.0 6.0 9.0 12.0 15.0
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
UBS Americas 
TD Group 
State Street
PNC 
Northern Trust 
Morgan Stanley
JPMorgan Chase 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
DB USA 
Credit Suisse USA 
Citigroup
Capital One 
Barclays US 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
Percent 
Median = 6.45%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2019:Q1-2021:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
102 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Figure C.7. Other loans loss rates in the severely adverse scenario
0.0 1.0 2.0 3.0 4.0 5.0 6.0 7.0 8.0
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
UBS Americas 
TD Group 
State Street 
PNC 
Northern Trust 
Morgan Stanley 
JPMorgan Chase 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
DB USA 
Credit Suisse USA 
Citigroup 
Capital One 
Barclays US 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
Percent 
Median = 3.1%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2019:Q1-2021:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
June 2019 103
Figure C.8. First-lien mortgages, domestic loss rates in the adverse scenario
0.00 0.25 0.50 0.75 1.00 1.25 1.50 1.75 2.00
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
UBS Americas 
TD Group 
State Street 
PNC 
Northern Trust 
Morgan Stanley 
JPMorgan Chase 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
DB USA 
Credit Suisse USA 
Citigroup 
Capital One 
Barclays US 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
Percent 
Median = 0.7%
19.0
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2019:Q1-2021:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
104 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Figure C.9. Junior liens and HELOCs, domestic loss rates in the adverse scenario
0.0 1.0 2.0 3.0 4.0 5.0 6.0
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
UBS Americas 
TD Group 
State Street 
PNC 
Northern Trust 
Morgan Stanley 
JPMorgan Chase 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
DB USA 
Credit Suisse USA 
Citigroup 
Capital One 
Barclays US 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
Percent 
Median = 2.65% 
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2019:Q1-2021:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
June 2019 105
Figure C.10. Commercial and industrial loss rates in the adverse scenario
0.0 2.0 4.0 6.0 8.0 10.0
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
UBS Americas 
TD Group 
State Street 
PNC 
Northern Trust 
Morgan Stanley 
JPMorgan Chase 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
DB USA 
Credit Suisse USA 
Citigroup 
Capital One 
Barclays US 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
Percent 
Median = 3.8%
18.5 
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2019:Q1-2021:Q1 as a percent of average balances. Losses are calculated based on the exposure at default, which
includes both outstanding balances and any additional drawdown of the credit line that occurs prior to default, while loss rates are calculated as a percent of outstanding
balances.
106 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Figure C.11. Commercial real estate, domestic loss rates in the adverse scenario
0.0 1.0 2.0 3.0 4.0 5.0 6.0
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
UBS Americas 
TD Group 
State Street 
PNC 
Northern Trust 
Morgan Stanley 
JPMorgan Chase 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
DB USA 
Credit Suisse USA 
Citigroup 
Capital One 
Barclays US 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
Percent 
Median = 2.8%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2019:Q1-2021:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
June 2019 107
Figure C.12. Credit card loss rates in the adverse scenario
0.0 5.0 10.0 15.0 20.0
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
UBS Americas 
TD Group 
State Street
PNC 
Northern Trust 
Morgan Stanley
JPMorgan Chase 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
DB USA 
Credit Suisse USA 
Citigroup
Capital One 
Barclays US 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
Percent 
Median = 11.3%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2019:Q1-2021:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
108 Supervisory Stress Test Results
Figure C.13. Other consumer loss rates in the adverse scenario
0.0 2.0 4.0 6.0 8.0 10.0 12.0
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
UBS Americas 
TD Group 
State Street
PNC 
Northern Trust 
Morgan Stanley
JPMorgan Chase 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
DB USA 
Credit Suisse USA 
Citigroup
Capital One 
Barclays US 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
Percent 
Median = 5.25%
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2019:Q1-2021:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
June 2019 109
Figure C.14. Other loans loss rates in the adverse scenario
0.0 0.5 1.0 1.5 2.0 2.5 3.0 3.5 4.0
Wells Fargo 
U.S. Bancorp 
UBS Americas 
TD Group 
State Street 
PNC 
Northern Trust 
Morgan Stanley 
JPMorgan Chase 
HSBC
Goldman Sachs 
DB USA 
Credit Suisse USA 
Citigroup 
Capital One 
Barclays US 
Bank of NY-Mellon 
Bank of America 
Percent 
Median = 1.95% 
Note: Estimates are for the nine-quarter period from 2019:Q1-2021:Q1 as a percent of average balances.
110 Supervisory Stress Test Results

0619
www.federalreserve.gov
       