 
Page 1 of 2 
December 9, 2021  
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
Statement on the current expected credit loss methodology (CECL) and stress testing 
 
In 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 
2016-13, which introduced the current expected credit loss methodology or CECL. CECL requires 
firms to recognize lifetime expected credit losses for financial assets m easured at amortized cost, 
rather than those credit losses that are probable of having been incurred, in their allowance for 
credit losses as of the financial reporting date. The majority of banking organizations  currently 
subject to Federal Reserve superv isory stress testing adopted CECL on January 1, 2020, with all 
such organizations scheduled to have adopted CECL by 2023. Under the regulatory capital rule, 
banking organizations have been allowed to phase in  the potential adverse impact of CECL  on 
regulatory capital over a three- or five-year transition period.
1  
 
Prior to the transition to CECL,  the Federal Reserve stated that it intended to maintain its pre -
existing framework for calculating allowances on credit losses in the supervisory stress t est 
through the end of 2021 and, during that time, would evaluate appropriate future enhancements to 
this framework.2 This statement provides additional information on the position that the Federal 
Reserve plans to take on incorporating the CECL accounting standard into its supervisory stress 
test. 
 
The existing supervisory stress test framework  generally assumes that the level of the allowance 
on credit losses at the end of a given quarter equals the amount needed to cover projected loan 
losses over the next four quarters.  Because this calculation is based on projected losses under the 
severely adverse scenario, it typically differs from a banking organization’s actual allowance on 
credit losses at the beginning of the planning horizon, which is based on information available as 
of the balance sheet date. Reflecting the uncertainty in the timing of when banking organizations 
recognize losses, any difference between the actual allowance and the assumed allowance under 
stress at the beginning of the planning horizon is spread out over the nine quarters of the planning 
horizon to smooth its effect on capital. Despite differences in the horizon over which losses are 
estimated, this approach is conceptually similar to the CECL standard, as both methods are based 
on a forward-looking estimate of losses. 
 
During the transition to CECL, the Federal Reserve and other federal bank regulatory agencies  
stated their intention to continue  to closely monitor the  effect of CECL on bank capital, lending 
practices, and aggregate level of loss absorbency through the economic cycle.
3  In view of this 
effort and the ongoing objectives to reduce uncertainty, allow for better capital planning at affected 
 
1 See 12 C.F.R., part 217, subpart G. 
2 See “Statement on the current expected credit loss methodology (CECL) and stress testing” (December 21, 2018), 
available at https://www.federalreserve.gov/newsevents/pressreleases/files/bcreg20181221b1.pdf. 
3 Moreover, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020 (Public Law No: 116-93) directed the U.S. Department of 
the Treasury in consultation with prudential regulators including the Federal Reserve to study the need, if any, for 
changes to regulatory capital requirements necessitated by CECL. This study, available at 
https://home.treasury.gov/system/files/216/The-CECL-Accounting-Standard-and-Financial-Institution-Regulatory-
Capital-Study-9-15-20.pdf, noted that as of September 15, 2020, “a definitive assessment of the impact of CECL 
was not feasible in light of the state of CECL implementation across financial institutions and current market 
dynamics relating to the COVID-19 global pandemic.” 
 
Page 2 of 2 
firms, and gather relevant information on the impact of CECL, the Federal Reserve is  extending 
the period of time over which it will maintain the current framework for allowance for credit losses 
in the supervisory stress test through the 2023 stress testing cycle while continuing to evaluate 
appropriate future enhancements. As previously noted, the Federal Reserve expects that the current 
framework, by taking into account a banking organization’s allowances at the beginning of the 
planning horizon, will continue to largely offset the impact in the supervisory stress test of CECL 
on the allowance at the beginning of the planning horizon. 
 
 
 