2026 Stress Test ScenariosFebruary 2026
BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM
The Federal Reserve System is the centralbank of the United States. It performs five keyfunctions to promote the effective operationof the U.S. economy and, more generally, thepublic interest.The Federal Reserve■conducts the nation’s monetary policyto promote maximum employmentand stable prices in the U.S. economy;■promotes the stability of the financial systemand seeks to minimizeand contain systemic risks through active monitoring and engagement inthe U.S. and abroad;■promotes the safety and soundness of individual financial institutionsand monitors their impact on the financial system as a whole;■fosters payment and settlement system safety and efficiencythroughservices to the banking industry and U.S. government that facilitateU.S.-dollar transactions and payments; and■promotes consumer protection and community developmentthroughconsumer-focused supervision and examination, research and analysis ofemerging consumer issues and trends, community economic developmentactivities, and administration of consumer laws and regulations.To learn more about us, visit www.federalreserve.gov/aboutthefed.htm.
ContentsPreface..............................................................................................................................iiiSummary of Key Changes to the 2026 Stress Test Scenarios...............................1Executive Summary.........................................................................................................3Supervisory Stress Test Scenarios...............................................................................7Baseline and Severely Adverse Scenarios............................................................................8Global Market Shock Component for the Supervisory Severely Adverse Scenario..................19Counterparty Default Component of the Supervisory Severely Adverse Scenario...................22Variables for the Supervisory Scenarios....................................................................23Notes Regarding Scenario Variables..................................................................................31Revisions.........................................................................................................................35
i

PrefaceThe Federal Reserve promotes a safe, sound, and efficient banking system that supports the U.S.economy through its supervision and regulation of domestic and foreign banks.As part of its supervision efforts and as required by the Dodd Frank Act, the Federal Reserveannually conducts a stress test.1The stress test assesses how large banks are likely to performunder hypothetical economic conditions.2The Federal Reserve conducts stress tests to help ensure that large banks are sufficiently capital-ized and able to lend to households and businesses even in a severe recession. They evaluate thefinancial resilience of banks by estimating losses, revenues, expenses, and resulting capital levelsunder hypothetical economic conditions.The proposed 2026 scenarios were published and included a request for comment from the publicon all aspects of the proposed scenarios, including the substantive components of the proposedscenarios. The Board requested that interested parties submit comments to the Board byDecember 1, 2025.3The effective date of the 2026 stress test for firms’ balance sheet and income statement data isDecember 31, 2025.Publications related to stress testing can be found on the Stress Test Publications page(https://www.federalreserve.gov/publications/dodd-frank-act-stress-test-publications.htm).For information on the Federal Reserve’s supervision of large financial institutions, seehttps://www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg/large-financial-institutions.htm.For information on the Federal Reserve’s supervision of capital-planning processes of banks, seehttps://www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg/stress-tests-capital-planning.htm.
1For more information, see 12 U.S.C. § 5365(i)(1)(A).2U.S. bank holding companies (BHCs), covered savings and loan holding companies (SLHCs), and intermediate holdingcompanies of foreign banking organizations (IHCs) with $100 billion or more in assets are subject to the FederalReserve Board’s supervisory stress test rules (12 CFR pt. 238, subpt. O; 12 CFR pt. 252, subpt. E) and capital planningrequirements (12 CFR § 225.8; 12 CFR § 238.170).3The proposed 2026 scenarios are available on the Board’s website: https://www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg/dfa-stress-tests-2026.htm.
iii
For more information on how the Board promotes the safety and soundness of the bankingsystem, see https://www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg.htm.iv2026 Stress Test Scenarios
Summary of Key Changes to the 2026Stress Test ScenariosThis section of the 2026 Stress Test Scenariossummarizes the key changes to the 2026 stresstest scenarios following the publication of the proposed 2026 scenarios for comment. The Boardreviewed the comments received on the proposed 2026 scenarios and also considered economicand financial data that has become available following the publication of the proposed 2026 sce-narios for comment. As described below, the final 2026 scenarios feature several key changesrelative to the components described in the proposed 2026 scenarios. These changes are dis-cussed in greater detail in the Board’s Review of Comments and Summary of Changes to theProposed 2026 Stress Test Scenarios, which is available on the Board’s website.4Baseline scenario: The final 2026 baseline scenario has been updated to incorporate additionaldata releases that have become available following the publication of the proposed 2026scenarios for comment.Severely adverse scenario: The final 2026 severely adverse scenario has been updated to incor-porate additional data releases that have become available following the publication of the pro-posed 2026 scenarios for comment. In determining these final variable paths, the Board generallyretained the narrative and severity of the proposed 2026 severely adverse scenario and updatedthe values to reflect changes in the jump-off values for those variables following the incorporationof additional data.Global market shock component: The final 2026 global market shock component includes adjust-ments that reduce the shock magnitudes for agency pass-through securities and to certaincommodities.
4Board, Review of Comments and Summary of Changes to the Proposed 2026 Stress Test Scenarios, available athttps://www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg/dfa-stress-tests-2026.htm.
1

Executive SummaryThe Federal Reserve’s supervisory stress tests help ensure that large banks are able to lend tohouseholds and businesses even in a severe recession. The stress tests evaluate the financialresilience of large banks by estimating bank losses, revenues, expenses, and resulting capitallevels—which provide a cushion against losses—under hypothetical recession scenarios into thefuture.5The Federal Reserve uses the results of a stress test, in part, to set large bank capitalrequirements.The final 2026 severely adverse scenario is informed by the analysis supporting the Board’sproposed update (the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement) to its 2019 PolicyStatement on the Scenario Design Framework for Stress Testing (the 2019 Scenario Design PolicyStatement).6The Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement makes the design of thesupervisory severely adverse scenario more transparent by narrowing the ranges of potentialvalues for certain variables through proposed additional guides. While the Proposed 2025Scenario Design Policy Statement has not been finalized, the Board anticipates receiving com-ments on this proposal by February 21, 2026, and will consider future action related to theScenario Design Policy Statement after comments are received and considered.The final 2026 scenarios reflect three enhancements to scenario design, as set forth in theProposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement, that are intended to describe more clearly tothe public how the Board determines the trajectories of variables within the macroeconomic sce-nario. These enhancements were previously described in the proposed 2026 scenarios.First, the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement expands the number and scope ofguides used for certain scenario variables. The Board proposed to enhance the two existingguides, already outlined in the 2019 Scenario Design Policy Statement, for the unemployment rateand house price scenario variables, and the proposal describes newly developed guides for addi-tional domestic and international scenario variables. The final 2026 severely adverse scenario isconsistent with the guides in the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement.Second, the Board is publishing an updated small-scale macroeconomic model of the U.S.economy that was used for the 2026 stress test scenarios (hereafter, the “macro model for5As noted, BHCs, SLHCs, and IHCs with $100 billion or more in assets are subject to the Board’s supervisory stress testrule (12 CFR pt. 238, subpt. O; 12 CFR pt. 252, subpt. E) and capital planning requirements (12 CFR § 225.8; 12 CFR§ 238.170). In addition, certain BHCs, SLHCs, IHCs, and state member banks must comply with the Board’scompany-run stress test rules (12 CFR pt. 238, subpt. P; and 12 CFR pt. 252, subpts. B and F).6Amendments to Policy Statement on the Scenario Design Framework for Stress Testing, 84 Fed. Reg. 6,651(February 28, 2019), available at https://www.federalregister.gov/d/2019-03504.
3
Stress Testing”), which is described in detail on the Board’s website.7The model was used todetermine the values in the 2026 scenarios for gross domestic product (GDP), per capita dispos-able personal income (DPI), inflation, and certain parts of the trajectory of interest rates that areinternally consistent with the guide-based change in unemployment and other factors described inthe model documentation. The model is also an input into the determination of the paths of cer-tain other variables in the baseline scenario, as described in the model documentation.Importantly, this new model is set forth in the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statementand has been specifically structured and calibrated to fulfill the needs of the stress testing pro-gram. As such, the variable paths prescribed by it should not be interpreted as economic fore-casts of the Board or the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC). Prior scenario paths for thesevariables were informed by a similar modeling structure with the outputs adjusted using theBoard’s expert judgment and experience to align with the scenario narrative.Third, the Board is publishing the final model used to generate the global market shock (the GMSmodel) for the 2026 stress test, which is generally unchanged from the model proposed with theproposed 2026 scenarios. The Board invited comment on both the macro model for Stress Testingand the GMS model as part of the proposed 2026 scenarios. The final model documentation isavailable on the Board’s website, and a summary of changes to the models, as well as a review ofthe comments on these models, are also available on the Board’s website.8The final 2026 severely adverse scenario is characterized by a hypothetical severe global reces-sion triggered by an abrupt decline in risk appetite that causes substantial declines in the pricesof risky assets, declines in risk-free interest rates and high levels of financial market volatility.Equity prices fall about 58 percent in the first three quarters of the scenario while the U.S. MarketVolatility Index (VIX) spikes and reaches a peak of 72 percent in the second quarter of the sce-nario. Those conditions also lead to a widening in corporate bond spreads to a level of 5.7 per-centage points. The ensuing disruptions depress demand for goods and services from householdsand prompt businesses to dramatically reduce employment and investment, conditions from whichthe economy and asset prices are slow to recover. The U.S. unemployment rate rises 5.5 per-centage points from the scenario’s jump-off point of 4.5 percent in the fourth quarter of 2025 toits peak of 10 percent in the third quarter of 2027. The sharp decline in economic activity leads toa collapse in real estate prices, including a 30 percent decline in nominal house prices and a39 percent decline in commercial real estate prices. The international portion of the scenario fea-tures recessions in three countries or country blocs and a sharp slowdown in developing Asia, anddeclines in inflation, with all countries or country blocs experiencing deflation. The value of theU.S. dollar appreciates against all countries and country blocs’ currencies, except for the7See https://www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg/dfa-stress-tests-2026.htm.8See https://www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg/dfa-stress-tests-2026.htm.
42026 Stress Test Scenarios
Japanese yen, as discussed below. For more information, please see “Details of the SeverelyAdverse Scenario.”As provided under the Board’s stress test rule, banks with large trading operations are testedagainst a global market shock component that stresses their trading and certain other fair-valuedpositions.9Furthermore, banks with substantial trading or custodial operations are tested againstthe default of their largest counterparty.10As noted before, these hypothetical scenarios are noteconomic forecasts. Their components are described in additional detail in this publication.
912 CFR 238.143(b); 12 CFR 252.14(b); 12 CFR 252.44(b); 12 CFR pt. 252, Appendix A at 3.2.1012 CFR 238.143(b); 12 CFR 252.14(b); 12 CFR 252.44(b).
Executive Summary5
Table 1. 2026 Stress test banksBank1 Subject to global market shockSubject tocounterparty defaultAlly Financial Inc.American Express CompanyBank of America CorporationX XThe Bank of New York Mellon CorporationXBarclays US LLCX XBMO Financial Corp.Capital One Financial CorporationThe Charles Schwab CorporationCitigroup Inc.X XCitizens Financial Group, Inc.DB USA CorporationX XFifth Third BancorpFirst Citizens Bancshares, Inc.The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.X XHSBC North America Holdings Inc.Huntington Bancshares IncorporatedJPMorgan Chase & Co. X XKeycorpM&T Bank CorporationMorgan Stanley X XNorthern Trust CorporationThe PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.RBC US Group Holdings LLCRegions Financial CorporationSantander Holdings USA, Inc.State Street CorporationXSynchrony FinancialTD Group US Holdings LLCTruist Financial CorporationUBS Americas Holding LLCU.S. BancorpWells Fargo & Company X X1The information listed in this table is based on third quarter 2025 data.
62026 Stress Test Scenarios
Supervisory Stress Test ScenariosThe severely adverse scenario describes a hypothetical set of conditions designed to assess thestrength and resilience of banks in an adverse economic environment. Meanwhile, the baselinescenario follows a profile similar to that of average projections from a survey of economic fore-casters. These scenarios are not Federal Reserve forecasts.The scenarios start in the first quarter of 2026 and extend through the first quarter of 2029. Eachscenario includes 28 variables; the set of variables for the 2026 supervisory stress test is thesame as the set provided in last year’s supervisory stress test scenarios. The variables describingeconomic developments within the United States include:•Six measures of economic activity and prices:quarterly percent changes (at an annualizedrate) in real and nominal GDP, real and nominal disposable personal income, the ConsumerPrice Index for All Urban Consumers (CPI), and the unemployment rate of the civilian non-institutional population aged 16 years and over.•Four aggregate measures of asset prices or financial conditions:indexes of house prices,commercial real estate prices, equity prices, and stock market volatility.•Six measures of interest rates:the rate on 3-month Treasury securities; the yield on 5-yearTreasury securities; the yield on 10-year Treasury securities; the yield on 10-year BBB-rated cor-porate securities; the interest rate associated with conforming, conventional, 30-year fixed-ratemortgages; and the prime rate.The variables describing international economic conditions in each scenario include three vari-ables in four countries or country blocs:•The three variables for each country or country bloc:quarterly percent changes (at an annualrate) in real GDP and in consumer price indexes or local equivalent, and the level of the U.S.dollar exchange rate.•Four countries or country blocs:the euro area (the 20 European Union member states thathave adopted the euro as their common currency prior to 2026); the United Kingdom; devel-oping Asia (the nominal GDP-weighted aggregate of China, India, South Korea, Hong KongSpecial Administrative Region, and Taiwan); and Japan.
7
Baseline and Severely Adverse ScenariosThe following sections describe this year’s final baseline and severely adverse scenarios. Thevariables included in these scenarios are provided in tables at the end of this document.11Historical data for the domestic and the international variables are reported in tables 2.A and 2.B,respectively.The scenario jump-off quarter is set as the fourth quarter of 2025, and the scenario begins in thefirst quarter of 2026. In the proposed 2026 scenarios, the Board explained that many of the rel-evant data points were not yet available for the second, third, or fourth quarters of 2025, and thatestimates for scenario variables for those quarters were constructed using the same methodologyused to generate the baseline scenario. The estimates for those quarters have been replaced inthe final 2026 scenarios with published values that have become available. Estimates were simi-larly constructed for any data for the fourth quarter of 2025 that was not currently available, ashas been the case in past scenarios. With new data, the jump-off values for the scenarios havechanged from the proposed 2026 scenarios. Accordingly, the scenario paths have changed basedon these new jump-off values. For more details, see “Methodology to Update the Scenarios toIncorporate Additional Data Releases.”Baseline ScenarioConsistent with the approach described in the proposed 2026 baseline scenario, the final2026 baseline scenario for U.S. real activity, inflation, and interest rates (see table 3.A) is similarto the consensus projections from the January 2026 Blue Chip Financial Forecastsreleased onDecember 30, 2025, and the January 2026 Blue Chip Economic Indicatorsreleased onJanuary 9, 2026.12The long-term components of the baseline scenario for U.S. real activity, infla-tion, and interest rates are similar to the October 2025 Blue Chiprelease. The final baseline sce-nario paths for the other scenario variables are constructed according to the macro model forStress Testing discussed in the Board’s Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement. Thisscenario is not a forecast of the Federal Reserve.The baseline scenario for the United States features moderate economic growth. The unemploy-ment rate moves up to 4.6 percent in the first quarter of 2026, and stays at that level through thethird quarter of 2026, before gradually declining to 4.2 percent by the end of the scenario. RealGDP growth rises from 1 percent in the fourth quarter of 2025 to 2.1 percent by the first quarterof 2027 and hovers around that rate for the rest of the scenario. Inflation, measured as the quar-terly change in the CPI and reported as an annualized rate, gradually declines from 2.8 percent atthe end of 2025 to 2.2 percent in the first quarter of 2028, where it remains through the end of11The scenarios also can be downloaded (together with the historical time series of the variables) from the Board’s web-site at https://www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg/dfa-stress-tests-2026.htm.12See Wolters Kluwer Legal and Regulatory Solutions, Blue Chip Economic Indicatorsand Blue Chip Financial Forecasts.
82026 Stress Test Scenarios
the scenario. The 3-month Treasury rate decreases from 3.7 percent at the end of 2025 to3.1 percent in the fourth quarter of 2026, and hovers around that level through the remainder ofthe scenario. The 10-year Treasury yield hovers around 4.1 percent, its value in the fourth quarterof 2025, for the duration of the scenario. The prime rate follows a path similar to short-terminterest rates, but sits at a level 3 percentage points higher, reflecting the typical spread betweenthe prime rate and the top of the federal funds target range.13Mortgage rates decline graduallyfrom 6.2 percent at the end of 2025 to 5.7 percent by the third quarter of 2028 where theyremain for the rest of the scenario. Yields on BBB-rated corporate bonds rise gradually from5.1 percent in the fourth quarter of 2025 to 5.6 percent in the fourth quarter of 2027 and remainat that level through the end of the scenario. The spread between yields on BBB-rated bonds andyields on 10-year Treasury securities increases gradually from 1 percentage point in the fourthquarter of 2025 to a level of 1.5 percentage points by the first quarter of 2028 where it remainsthrough the rest of the scenario.Equity prices increase between about 4 and 5 percent per year throughout the scenario. Equitymarket volatility, as measured by the VIX, declines from 26 percent in the fourth quarter of 2025to 22 percent in the second quarter of 2026, after which it gradually increases to 25 percent bythe end of the scenario. Nominal house prices increase gradually for the duration of the scenario,while commercial real estate prices increase between about 4 and 5 percent per year.The baseline paths for the international variables (see table 3.B) are similar to the trajectoriesreported in the January 2026 Blue Chip Economic Indicators and the International Monetary Fund’sOctober 2025 World Economic Outlook.14In the baseline scenario, real GDP growth in developingAsia increases from 3.7 percent at the end of 2025 to 5.2 percent in the third quarter of 2026,after which it gradually declines to 3.9 percent in the second quarter of 2027. It then fluctuatesbetween 3.9 percent and 4.6 percent through the end of the scenario. Real GDP growth in theeuro area increases from 0.5 percent at the end of 2025 to 1.7 percent by the third quarter of2026. It then declines gradually to 1.3 percent in the third quarter of 2027 and hovers aroundthat level through the end of the scenario. Real GDP growth in the United Kingdom increases from0.7 percent at the end of 2025 to 1.4 percent by the third quarter of 2026. It then declines to1.3 percent in the first quarter of 2028 and remains at that level through the end of the scenario.GDP growth in Japan increases from 0.6 percent in the fourth quarter of 2025 to 0.9 percent inthe second quarter of 2026. It then gradually declines to 0.6 percent by the second quarter of2028 and hovers around that level through the end of the scenario.Consumer price inflation in the euro area increases from 1.6 percent in the fourth quarter of 2025to 2 percent in the second quarter of 2027 and then hovers around that level for the rest of the13See “Bank prime loan” in the Board’s H.15 release at https://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/h15/.14See International Monetary Fund, “Global Economy in Flux, Prospects Remain Dim,” World Economic Outlook,October 2025, https://www.imf.org/en/publications/weo/issues/2025/10/14/world-economic-outlook-october-2025.
Supervisory Stress Test Scenarios9
scenario. Consumer price inflation in the United Kingdom declines from 2.8 percent in the fourthquarter of 2025 to 2 percent in the fourth quarter of 2026 and then hovers around that levelthrough the end of the scenario. Inflation in Japan decreases from 2.1 percent in the fourthquarter of 2025 to 1.8 percent in the second quarter of 2026, and hovers around that level forthe remainder of the scenario. The inflation rate in developing Asia increases gradually from1 percent in the fourth quarter of 2025 to 2.1 percent by the third quarter of 2028 and remainsthere for the rest of the scenario.Severely Adverse ScenarioAs noted, the proposed and final 2026 severely adverse scenarios are informed by the Board’sProposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement.15Additionally, the guides described in the Pro-posed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement, the macro model for Stress Testing, and the pro-posed 2026 scenario that the Board has constructed based on that framework, are consistentwith the Board’s 2019 Scenario Design Policy Statement.16While that proposal is designed to pro-vide more transparency around the Board’s process and decisions, the Board expects that theresulting scenarios would, on balance, be similar to those that it has used in prior annual stresstest exercises.Therefore, in accordance with both the Board’s 2019 Scenario Design Policy Statement, as well asthe Board’s Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement, the Board’s scenario designapproach is informed by current macroeconomic and financial conditions, which are summarizedhere for the purposes of the design of the final severely adverse scenario. The current unemploy-ment rate is near the consensus forecast of the long-run natural unemployment rate in theJanuary 2026 Blue Chip Economic Indicators. As discussed in the previous section, the final 2026baseline scenario paths for GDP growth and inflation see GDP growth rising and inflationremaining somewhat above the FOMC’s 2 percent longer-run inflation goal.17Equity prices haveincreased about 16 percent from the fourth quarter of 2024 through the fourth quarter of 2025and about 41 percent over the past two years. While house prices have remained largely flat overthe past two years, they are about 37 percent higher than their level five years ago. Commercialreal estate prices have remained relatively stable since early 2024 after significant declines in2023, and the BBB spread remains low relative to its historical series. This summary of currentmacroeconomic and financial conditions should not be interpreted as an assessment of likelyfuture developments but informs the design of the severely adverse scenario, consistent with theBoard’s expectation that scenario severity generally will be higher during economic expansions orperiods when asset values have increased or to avoid adding sources of procyclicality through thestress test.15See Enhanced Transparency and Public Accountability Proposal, 90 FR 51856 (Nov. 18, 2025).16See https://www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg/dfa-stress-tests-2026.htm.17Federal Open Market Committee, “Statement on Longer-Run Goals and Monetary Policy Strategy,” amendedAugust 22, 2025, https://www.federalreserve.gov/monetarypolicy/files/fomc_longerrungoals.pdf.
102026 Stress Test Scenarios
In the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement, the guides for the scenario variables includeranges for the values controlling certain features of the scenario paths, within which the Board has dis-cretion to choose values based on current conditions and other relevant considerations. For this year’sscenario, the Board calibrated the values of scenario characteristics for which the guides would provideflexibility, such as the peak values of the BBB spread and VIX, near or in the upper one-third of theirranges of severity. The Board chose this calibration to generate an appropriate level of overall severitygiven the paths of the unemployment rate and house prices, and given the prevailing macroeconomicand financial conditions described above. This calibration is consistent with the Board’s goal ofimproving predictability and transparency of the annual scenarios. The calibration also reflects both theBoard’s principle of conservatism and its goal that the annual stress tests should not add to othersources of procyclicality in the financial system.For some variables, the calibration of these scenario characteristics in the final 2026 scenario maydeviate slightly from the upper one-third of their ranges of severity, depending on how the jump-offvalues of these variables changed in response to the arrival of new data between the release of theproposed 2026 scenario and mid-January 2026. For more details, see “Methodology to Update theScenarios to Incorporate Additional Data Releases.”Details of the Severely Adverse ScenarioConsistent with the approach described in the proposed 2026 severely adverse scenario, the final2026 severely adverse scenario is characterized by a severe global recession triggered by an abruptdecline in risk appetite that causes substantial declines in risky asset prices and declines in risk-freeinterest rates. At times during the first months of this scenario, financial market functioning isimpaired, leading to substantial additional volatility. Those disruptions spill over into large reductions inhousehold demand for goods and services and significantly reduce employment and business invest-ment. The low levels of risk appetite and the declines in income and wealth persist for some time andlead to a protracted recession in the United States and abroad. This is a hypothetical scenariodesigned to assess the strength and resilience of banks and does not represent a forecast of theFederal Reserve.Consistent with both the 2019 Scenario Design Policy Statement and the Proposed 2025 ScenarioDesign Policy Statement, under the final 2026 severely adverse scenario, the U.S. unemployment rateclimbs to a peak of 10 percent in the third quarter of 2027 (see table 4.A), a 5.5 percentage pointincrease relative to its fourth-quarter 2025 level. The unemployment rate reaches its peak in theseventh quarter of the scenario, which is the midpoint of the range of six to eight quarters gener-ally established by the guide for the unemployment rate to reach its peak. The Board chose thismiddle value for the timing of the peak of the unemployment rate to balance the marginal effect ofa slightly more-severe or less-severe path for the unemployment rate on overall scenario severity.
Supervisory Stress Test Scenarios11
House prices fall steadily through the fourth quarter of 2027, reaching a trough that is about30 percent below their level in the fourth quarter of 2025. The level of this trough is determinedby the relevant component of the guide for the house prices in the Proposed 2025 ScenarioDesign Policy Statement, which is the same as the guide in the Board’s 2019 Scenario DesignPolicy Statement. The eighth-quarter trough timing is at the lower end of the range of 8 to 10 quar-ters suggested by the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement’s guide for house prices,in line with the Board’s proposal to calibrate most of the scenario variables for which the Boardretains some discretion near the upper one-third of their ranges of severity.The spread between mortgage rates and 10-year Treasury yields widens 1.3 percentage points toreach a level of 3.4 percentage points by the third quarter of 2026 before narrowing to a level ofabout 2.4 percentage points at the end of the severely adverse scenario. The jump-off-to-peakincrease of 1.3 percentage points is near the upper one-third of the range of 0.7 to 1.6 per-centage points specified by the proposed guide for the mortgage spread. The mortgage spreadreaches its peak in the third quarter of the scenario, which is the early end of the range of threeto four quarters suggested by the guide for the spread to reach its peak. In determining the trajec-tory of the mortgage spread from its jump-off point to its trough, the guide for the mortgagespread in the Board’s Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement specifies a range for theproportion of declines in each quarter along the trajectory to the peak. In the final severelyadverse scenario, 62 percent of the jump-off-to-peak increase in the mortgage spread occurs inthe first quarter of the scenario, which is near the upper one-third of the range of 50 to 70 percentsuggested by the proposed guide, in line with the Board’s determination to calibrate most of thescenario variables for which the Board retains some discretion near the upper one-third of theirranges of severity.Equity prices fall about 58 percent from the fourth quarter of 2025 through the third quarter of2026. The jump-off-to-trough decline of about 58 percent aligns with the guide for equity prices inthe Board’s Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement, and reflects that equity prices, asproxied by the U.S. Dow Jones Total Stock Market Index, have risen 16 percent from the fourthquarter of 2024 through the fourth quarter of 2025. The guide for equity prices in the Proposed2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement reflects the principle that equity prices in the scenario fallmore after periods when they have risen more. In the final severely adverse scenario, 67 percentof the decline in equity prices occurs in the first quarter of the scenario while 17 percent occurs inthe second quarter. These values for the trajectory of equity prices are at the upper one-third ofthe respective ranges specified by the guide, in line with the Board’s decision to calibrate most ofthe scenario variables for which the Board retains some discretion near the upper one-third oftheir ranges of severity.
122026 Stress Test Scenarios
The VIX, measured as the highest daily closing value per quarter, reaches a peak of 72 percent inthe second quarter of 2026. Seventy-three percent of the increase in the VIX occurs in the firstquarter of the scenario. This value, and the peak value of the VIX of 72 percent, are in the topone-third of their respective ranges in the proposed guide for the VIX.Conditions in corporate bond markets deteriorate markedly, as the scenario specifies a suddendecline in risk appetite and worsening business conditions. The spread between yields on BBB-rated bonds and yields on 10-year Treasury securities increases 4.7 percentage points by the thirdquarter of 2026, reaching a level of 5.7 percentage points. Seventy-two percent of the jump-off-to-peak increase in the BBB spread occurs in the first quarter of the scenario. The peak level of5.7 percentage points and the pace of the increase in the BBB spread are both near the upperone-third of their respective ranges suggested by the guide for the BBB spread in the Board’sProposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement.Commercial real estate prices reach a trough in the fourth quarter of 2027 that is 39 percentbelow their level at the end of 2025. The jump-off-to-trough decline in commercial real estateprices is near the top one-third of the range of 30 to 45 percent suggested by the guide for com-mercial real estate prices in the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement. Commercialreal estate prices reach their trough in the eighth quarter of the scenario, which is the bottom ofthe range of eight to ten quarters suggested by the guide for commercial real estate prices toreach their trough, in line with the Board’s proposal to calibrate most of the scenario variables forwhich the Board retains some discretion near the upper one-third of their ranges of severity.The final severely adverse scenario paths for real GDP, inflation, and the 3-month Treasury rate aregenerated by the macro model for Stress Testing discussed in the Proposed 2025 ScenarioDesign Policy Statement, when given the path for the unemployment rate.18Real GDP declines4.6 percent from the fourth quarter of 2025 to its trough in the second quarter of 2027, beforerecovering to the level at the jump-off. This path for real GDP is based on the path for the unem-ployment rate given the version of Okun’s law in the macroeconomic model.19Real disposableincome, which depends in part on real GDP, declines about 1 percent in the proposed scenariofrom the fourth quarter of 2025 to its trough in the fourth quarter of 2026, before recovering andgradually surpassing its level at the jump-off. The Phillips curve component of the model projectsa significant reduction in inflation given the rising unemployment rate and the rapid decline inaggregate demand for goods and services. Inflation, measured as the quarterly change in the CPIand reported as an annualized rate, falls from 2.8 percent in the fourth quarter of 2025 to18See Enhanced Transparency and Public Accountability Proposal, 90 FR 51856 (Nov. 18, 2025).19Okun’s law is a well-established economic relationship linking fluctuations in the unemployment rate to fluctuations inreal GDP. See Arthur M. Okun, “Potential GNP: Its Measurement and Significance,” in Proceedings of the Business andEconomics Section,98–103. See also Jonathan McCarthy, Simon M. Potter, and Ging Cee Ng. “Okun’s Law and LongExpansions, March 27, 2012, https://libertystreeteconomics.newyorkfed.org/2012/03/okuns-law-and-long-expansions/.
Supervisory Stress Test Scenarios13
1 percent in the fourth quarter of 2026 and then gradually increases to 1.3 percent by the end ofthe scenario. The paths of inflation and a measure of the output gap, which depends on the unem-ployment rate, are inputs to the Taylor rule used in the macroeconomic model, which in turn deter-mines the 3-month Treasury rate. The 3-month Treasury rate falls significantly from 3.7 percent inthe fourth quarter of 2025 to 0.1 percent by the second quarter of 2026 and remains there forthe remainder of the scenario.The paths for long-term interest rates, as measured by the 5-year and 10-year Treasury yields, aredetermined by two components. The initial paths to the trough are determined in alignment withthe proposed guides. The paths from the trough to the end of the scenario are determined by themacro model for Stress Testing. These paths are therefore informed by the scenario paths ofshort-term interest rates and estimates of likely term premiums in an economic environment con-sistent with the narrative for the severely adverse scenario. Overall, the jump-off-to-trough declinesin the 5-year and 10-year Treasury yields are consistent with key features of the scenario, includingsevere declines in aggregate demand for goods and services and in risk appetite at the start ofthe scenario. In general, a decline in long-term interest rates may have a positive or negativeeffect on the severity of the scenario for a given firm depending on the firm’s exposure to interestrate risk—which may vary from year to year depending on the firm’s portfolio—due to the opposingeffects that changes in interest rates have on net interest margins and on the market-adjustedvaluations of long-term, fixed-rate securities.In proposing and finalizing the paths for long-term interest rates, the Board took into considerationthe current level of long-term interest rates and their changes in recent recessions. In the finalseverely adverse scenario, the 5-year and 10-year Treasury yields fall 2.4 percentage points and1.8 percentage points to 1.3 percent and 2.3 percent, respectively, by the fourth quarter of 2026.These declines are roughly in line with the declines of 2.6 percentage points and 1.6 percentagepoints, respectively, experienced between the third quarter of 2007 and the first quarter of 2009during the 2007–2009 financial crisis. That recession was comparable in magnitude and length tothe hypothetical recession in the scenario, and significantly deeper and longer lasting than theearly 2000s recession or the 2020 pandemic recession, during which rates declined by less. Con-sistent with their guides, the declines in the 5-year and 10-year Treasury yields are frontloaded,with 54 percent and 56 percent of the declines, respectively, occurring in the first quarter of thescenario, in line with the severe contraction in economic activity and heightened uncertainty fea-tured in the scenario. The sizable declines in the 5-year and 10-year Treasury yields, the speed ofthose declines, and the timing of their troughs are appropriate given the modeled decline of the3-month Treasury bill yield and its persistence at a near-zero level in this scenario.20In addition,20See, e.g., Refet S. Gürkaynak, Brian Sack, and Eric Swanson, “The Sensitivity of Long-Term Interest Rates to EconomicNews: Evidence and Implications for Macroeconomic Models,” American Economic Review95, 425–436. See alsoRefet S. Gürkaynak, Brian Sack, and Jonathan H. Wright, “The U.S. Treasury Yield Curve: 1961 to the Present,” Journalof Monetary Economics54, 2291–2304.
142026 Stress Test Scenarios
the timing of the troughs of the long-term interest rates in the fourth quarter of the final severelyadverse scenario reflects the Board’s willingness to balance the effects that changes in interestrates have on net interest margins and on the market-adjusted values of long-term, fixed-ratesecurities.The international component of the proposed severely adverse scenario involves a sharp deteriora-tion in foreign economic activity, in line with the experience of the 2007–2009 financial crisis (seetable 4.B). In the euro area, the United Kingdom, and Japan, real GDP declines about 7.5 percentrelative to its value in the baseline scenario by the end of 2026, which is consistent with thedeviation observed in the level of real GDP in the first quarter of 2009 from a baseline pathderived from the April 2008 IMF World Economic Outlook (WEO) forecast as described in theguides for the international variables in the Board’s Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy State-ment. As a result, these advanced economies experience recessions with real GDP declining fromjump-off to trough by 6.1 percent in the euro area, 6.3 percent in the United Kingdom, and 6.7 per-cent in Japan. In developing Asia, real GDP grows at a slower pace and runs about 3 percentbelow baseline by the end of 2026. Over the same period, inflation declines about 3 percentagepoints below baseline in the advanced economies, and 5 percentage points below baseline indeveloping Asia. The U.S. dollar appreciates about 15 percent against the euro and the Britishpound, while it depreciates mildly against the Japanese yen by 1 percent, consistent with its his-torical behavior between the first quarter of 2008 and the first quarter of 2009. Consistent withthe guides for the international variables in the Board’s Proposed 2025 Scenario Design PolicyStatement, the deviation of each international scenario variable from its baseline path is similar tothat observed during the 2007–2009 financial crisis.Comparison of the 2026 Severely Adverse Scenario to the 2025 SeverelyAdverse ScenarioIn general, changes in the paths of scenario variables from year to year reflect a combination ofchanges arising from different jump-off levels and, for those variables where the Board retainssome discretion, choices by the Board about the appropriate level of scenario severity. In the finalseverely adverse scenario, the unemployment rate in the United States rises to the same level asin the 2025 severely adverse scenario. The increase in the unemployment rate currently is smallerin this year’s scenario, reflecting the higher jump-off level. This is consistent with the guide for theunemployment rate in both the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement and the 2019Scenario Design Policy Statement, which both call for an increase in the unemployment rate to atleast a level of 10 percent given current conditions.In this year’s scenario, the paths for real GDP, real disposable income, inflation, and the 3-monthTreasury rate are generated by the macro model for Stress Testing, given the path for the unem-ployment rate and other modeled factors. Real GDP declines by less and reaches its trough one
Supervisory Stress Test Scenarios15
quarter later compared to last year’s scenario. The decline in inflation is larger compared to lastyear’s scenario. These differences reflect both the new model and this year’s jump-off conditions.The path for real disposable income also features a lower decline compared to last year, as itdepends on the path for real GDP.The 3-month Treasury rate reaches the same trough level as in last year’s scenario but declinessomewhat less, owing to its slightly lower jump-off level in this year’s final scenario. As describedabove, the 5-year and 10-year Treasury yields decline somewhat less in response to the hypo-thetical drop in economic activity and inflation and reach their troughs somewhat later than in lastyear’s scenario. The final severely adverse scenario also features a somewhat smaller decline inhouse prices as compared to the previous year’s severely adverse scenario, consistent with theguide for house prices in both the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement and the 2019Scenario Design Policy Statement, both of which call for a smaller decline in house prices whenthe ratio of nominal house prices to per capita disposable income is lower. Mortgage spreadsreach higher levels than in last year’s scenario. Commercial real estate prices decline more thanin last year’s scenario, but the decline is similar to past scenarios.The decline in equity prices is more severe than in last year’s scenario, reflecting the effect of theincrease in equity prices since last year in the proposed guide for equity prices. In this year’s sce-nario, the VIX and the BBB spread both reach levels that are higher than in last year’s scenario butsimilar to those in prior years. The international component of the final severely adverse scenariois consistent with the design of international scenarios described in both the Proposed 2025 Sce-nario Design Policy Statement and the Board’s 2019 Scenario Design Policy Statement. The finalscenario shows a recessionary episode that, relative to last year’s severely adverse scenario, issomewhat less severe for Japan and developing Asia and is somewhat more severe for the euroarea and the United Kingdom. This scenario is consistent with the level of stress in foreign econo-mies that manifested during the 2007–2009 financial crisis.Methodology to Update the Scenarios to Incorporate Additional Data ReleasesAfter disclosing the proposed severely adverse scenario for public comment, the Board made twotypes of revisions to the scenario. First, the Board considered revisions to the scenario to addresscomments received from the public.21Second, the Board made revisions to incorporate additionaldata releases that occurred after the publication of the proposed 2026 scenario and affect thehistorical values of specific scenario variables. This section of the notice addresses the secondtype: data-based revisions to the severely adverse scenario.
21See Board, Review of Comments and Summary of Changes to the Proposed 2026 Stress Test Scenarios, available athttps://www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg/dfa-stress-tests-2026.htm.
162026 Stress Test Scenarios
The historical dataset that accompanied the proposed severely adverse scenario was based ondata released through August 29, 2025. For the final 2026 scenarios, the final dataset incorpo-rates data released through mid-January 2026, as well as updated external forecasts. In par-ticular, the final dataset reflects new data for the jump-off quarter of the scenarios. As the sce-nario paths for all variables are dependent on the conditions during the jump-off quarter, theseverely adverse scenario has been revised to reflect the updated jump-off conditions.The process for updating the scenario paths given an updated historical dataset comprises twosteps. First, variables that are determined by formula-based guides are updated by referencing thescenario guides in the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement to the new jump-offpoints in the historical dataset. Variables that are informed by guides that allow for some discre-tion by the Board are adjusted to match the same level of the peak or trough in the released sce-nario, unless doing so would conflict with some other aspect of that particular guide.22Theseupdates generally require a change in the trajectory from the new jump-off points that will followthe process described in that portion of the guides. Next, the updated historical dataset and sce-nario paths for guide-based variables are used as inputs to rerun the scenario model to updatethe scenario paths for all model-determined variables.23Guide-based variablesThe scenario guides described in the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement allow, insome cases, for judgment within a range. As such, updating the paths for the guide-based vari-ables follows the general principle that revisions to the severely adverse scenario that arisebecause of changes in macroeconomic and financial conditions should avoid making the scenariomore severe, should financial and macroeconomic conditions worsen. Conversely, the revisionsshould also avoid making the scenario less severe should financial and macroeconomic conditionsimprove. An additional consideration is that the overall scenario severity is a function of bothlevels and changes in the scenario variables.In line with this principle, the Board’s standard approach to revising the scenario in response tonew data generally keeps constant the level reached by each variable at its peak or trough in thescenario released for comment for the guide-based variables, so long as this level implies a22Guide-based variables refer to stress test scenario variables for which the Board has published scenario guides, asreflected in the Board’s 2019 Scenario Design Policy Statement and the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy State-ment. These guides include the unemployment rate and house prices, and are proposed to include the yield on BBB cor-porate bonds, the rate on 30-year conforming mortgages, commercial real estate prices, equity prices, VIX, the yield on5-year Treasuries, and the yield on 10-year Treasuries. The methodology to update the paths of the international sce-nario variables, which include GDP, inflation, and exchange rates for the four countries or country blocs, differs slightlyfrom that for the other guide-based variables, as described below. As noted, the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design PolicyStatement remains consistent with the 2019 Scenario Design Policy Statement.23Model-determined variables refer to the domestic variables for which the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy State-ment proposes employing the macro model for Stress Testing to determine their scenario paths. These include real andnominal GDP, real and nominal disposable personal income, CPI inflation, the rate on 3-month Treasuries, and the primelending rate.
Supervisory Stress Test Scenarios17
change relative to the jump-off value that is aligned with that variable’s scenario guide. The Boardgenerally deviates from this default updating method for the peak or trough value of guide-basedvariables in cases where, for example, maintaining the peak or trough level achieved in the sce-nario results in a conflict with any element of the scenario guide for a variable. This could be thecase when data released between the disclosure of the proposed and final scenario indicate sig-nificant changes in the jump-off conditions. In such instances, the Board would adjust to target anappropriate level of change, as described in the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statementwith respect to that variable’s scenario guide and informed by the Board’s supervisory experienceand expertise.24Under either approach, the revisions generally keep constant the quarters in which the peak ortrough values are attained, barring substantial changes in the economic or financial environment.For each variable, the revisions are phased in by adjusting the scenario path through the peak ortrough, thus altering the changes relative to the jump-off point.Furthermore, the values of variables at the end of the scenario and the trajectory from the troughor the peak to the end point are updated to reflect the new jump-off data, as described in the Pro-posed 2025 Scenario Design Policy Statement. For the guide-based variables, the Board’s stan-dard approach generally keeps constant the percentage change between the peak or the troughand the end point, which helps to match the roughly linear trajectory to the end value in the pro-posed severely adverse scenario. The exceptions are the 5- and 10-year Treasury yields for whichthe end values and the trajectory are determined by the macro model for Stress Testing.Model-based variablesTo update the scenario paths for model-based variables, the Board recomputes their full scenariopaths using the macro model for Stress Testing outlined in the Proposed 2025 Scenario DesignPolicy Statement taking as inputs the updated historical dataset and the updated scenario pathsfor the guide-based variables. This approach may result in revisions to the scenario paths forthese variables relative to the proposed scenario disclosed for public comment but maintains theappropriate level of scenario severity and ensures overall consistency across all the variables inthe stress test scenario.International variablesTo update the paths for the international variables in the final 2026 severely adverse scenario, theBoard proceeds in two steps. First, new data releases are incorporated to update the historical24For example, consider a proposed scenario released for public comment where the VIX increases from a jump-off valueof 30 percent to a peak level of 65 percent. If, when incorporating new data, the jump-off value becomes 60 percent,then maintaining a peak level of 65 percent implies an increase of only 5 percentage points, which is less than theminimum allowed change of 10 percentage points defined in this variable’s scenario guide.
182026 Stress Test Scenarios
values and the baseline path for the international variables. Second, given the new jump-offvalues and baseline paths, scenario variables are updated to match the same targets specified inthe scenarios released for comments. As described in the Proposed 2025 Scenario Design PolicyStatement, these targets are expressed in terms of peak deviation from baseline for GDP andinflation, and in terms of peak deviation from the jump-off value for the exchange rate.Global Market Shock Component for the Supervisory SeverelyAdverse ScenarioThe global market shock component for the severely adverse scenario (global market shock) is aset of hypothetical shocks to a large set of risk factors reflecting general market distress andheightened uncertainty. Banks with significant trading activity must consider the global marketshock as part of the supervisory severely adverse scenario in their company-run stress test.25Thelosses associated with the global market shock are recognized in the first quarter of the scenarioand are carried through all subsequent quarters. In addition, certain large and highly intercon-nected firms must apply the same global market shock to project losses under the counterpartydefault scenario component. The global market shock is applied to positions held by the banks ona given as-of date, which is October 17, 2025, for the 2026 stress test cycle.26These shocks donot represent a forecast of the Federal Reserve.The design and specification of the global market shock differ from the macroeconomic scenariosin several ways. First, profits and losses from trading and counterparty credit are measured inmark-to-market terms, while revenues and losses from traditional banking are generally measuredusing the accrual method. Another key difference is the timing of loss recognition. The globalmarket shock affects the mark-to-market value of trading positions and counterparty credit lossesin the first quarter of the severely adverse scenario. This timing is based on an observation thatmarket dislocations can happen rapidly and unpredictably at any time under stressed conditions.Applying the global market shock in the first quarter ensures that potential losses from tradingand counterparty exposures are incorporated into banks’ capital ratios in each quarter of theseverely adverse scenario.The global market shock is specified by a large set of risk factors that include, but are notlimited to•public equity returns from key advanced economies and from developing and emerging marketeconomies, along with selected points along term structures of equity option-implied volatilities;25The global market shock applies to a firm that is subject to the stress test; that has aggregate trading assets and liabili-ties of $50 billion or more, or aggregate trading assets and liabilities equal to 10 percent or more of total consolidatedassets; and that is not a Category IV firm under the Board’s tailoring framework. See 12 CFR 238.143(b)(2)(i); 12 CFR252.14(b)(2)(i); 12 CFR 252.54(b)(2)(i).26The as-of date window for the global market shock is subject to change. The Board has invited comment on this as-ofdate change.
Supervisory Stress Test Scenarios19
•exchange rates of foreign currencies, along with selected points along term structures of foreignexchange option-implied volatilities;•government yields at selected maturities (e.g., 10-year U.S. Treasuries), swap rates, and othertypes of interest rates for key advanced economies and from developing and emerging marketeconomies;•implied volatilities on interest rate options for selected maturities and expiration dates, whichare key inputs to the pricing of interest rate derivatives;•futures prices at various expiration dates for commodity products such as energy, oil, metals,and agricultural products; and•credit spreads or prices for selected credit-sensitive products, including corporate bonds, creditdefault swaps (CDS), securitized products, sovereign debt, and municipal bonds.The Board considers emerging and ongoing areas of financial market vulnerabilities in the develop-ment of the global market shock. This assessment of potential vulnerabilities is informed by finan-cial stability reports, supervisory information, and internal and external assessments of potentialsources of distress such as geopolitical, economic, and financial market events.The global market shock includes a set of risk factor shocks to financial market variables that apply toall banks with significant trading activity. Depending on the type of financial market vulnerability that theglobal market shock is intended to assess, the risk factor shocks could be based on a single historicalepisode, multiple historical periods, hypothetical events that are based on relevant economic indicatorsof economic and financial conditions, or a hybrid approach comprising some combination of historicalepisodes and hypothetical events. A market shock based on hypothetical events may result in changesin risk factors that have not been observed historically.27Risk factor shocks are calibrated using assumed time horizons. The calibration horizons reflectseveral considerations related to the scenario being modeled. One important consideration is theliquidity characteristics of different risk factors. These characteristics may vary depending on thespecified market shock narrative. More specifically, the calibration horizons reflect the variation inthe speed at which banks could reasonably close out, or effectively hedge, risk exposures in theevent of market stress. The calibration horizons are generally longer than the typical times neededto liquidate exposures under normal conditions because they are designed to capture theunpredictable liquidity conditions that prevail in times of stress.28In addition, shocks to risk fac-tors in more liquid markets, such as those for government securities, foreign exchange, or publicequities, are calibrated to shorter horizons (1 month), while shocks to risk factors in less liquid27For example, credit spread changes in the municipal credit markets during March and April of 2020 would have beenconsidered unprecedented had they been used in earlier global market shocks.28The liquidity of previously well-functioning financial markets can undergo abrupt changes in times of financial stress. Forexample, prior to the Global Financial Crisis, AAA-rated private-label RMBS would likely have been considered highlyliquid, but their liquidity deteriorated drastically during the crisis period.
202026 Stress Test Scenarios
markets, such as those for non-agency securitized products, have longer calibration horizons(3 months).2026 Global Market Shock Component of the Supervisory Severely AdverseScenarioThe 2026 global market shock is characterized by heightened market expectations of persistentlyhigh inflation, higher commodity prices, and a global recession. The scenario has certain elementsin common with prior episodes of market reactions to periods of expected high inflation combinedwith low growth, such as the oil crisis of the 1970s. That period was also characterized by com-modity price increases.Both short-term and long-term Treasury rates rise sharply driven by higher inflation expectations.Heightened inflation expectations drive commodity prices upward.The expected fall in economic activity leads to notable equity price declines across global mar-kets. Concerns about corporate credit defaults in light of the economic slowdown leads to widercredit spreads.The U.S. dollar strengthens, exhibiting large gains against the euro and moderate gains againstthe Japanese yen driven by higher yields in the U.S.Comparison of the 2026 Global Market Shock Component and the 2025 GlobalMarket Shock ComponentThe 2026 global market shock features expectations for higher inflation, while last year’s globalmarket shock was characterized by expectations for lower inflation. Accordingly, the main differ-ence between the 2025 and 2026 global market shocks is the behavior of interest rates, foreignexchange rates, and commodities prices. Treasury yields increase across all tenors in the currentglobal market shock, whereas last year, yields decreased with short-term yields falling more thanlong-term yields. Inflation breakeven rates increase in the current global market shock, while theydecreased in the 2025 global market shock.The U.S. dollar appreciates against most major currencies in both the 2025 and 2026 globalmarket shocks. However, an exception is that the dollar appreciates against the Japanese yen inthe 2026 global market shocks, while it depreciated against the yen in the 2025 global marketshock. In both years, the U.S. dollar appreciates with respect to emerging market currencies.Commodities—such as gold, oil, and natural gas—exhibit price increases due to inflationary pres-sures in the current global market shock, while commodity prices decreased in the 2025 globalmarket shock. Credit spreads widen and equity prices fall in both the 2025 and 2026 globalmarket shocks.
Supervisory Stress Test Scenarios21
Counterparty Default Component of the Supervisory SeverelyAdverse ScenarioLarge firms with substantial trading or custodial operations are required to incorporate a counter-party default scenario component into their supervisory severely adverse scenario for 2026 andrecognize associated losses in the first quarter of the scenario.29This component involves theunexpected default of the firm’s largest counterparty. In identifying its largest counterparty, a firmsubject to the counterparty default component will not consider certain entities.30In addition tocertain sovereign entities and qualified central counterparties, certain multilateral developmentbanks and supranational entities (International Bank for Reconstruction and Development,International Monetary Fund, Bank for International Settlements, European Commission, andEuropean Central Bank) will not be considered for the counterparty default component to betteralign the treatment of these entities across regulatory exercises.31The counterparty default scenario component is an add-on to the Federal Reserve’s severelyadverse scenario: firms are required to estimate and report the potential losses and relatedeffects on capital associated with the unexpected default of the counterparty that would generatethe largest net stressed losses across their derivatives and securities financing transactions.Net stressed losses are estimated by applying the global market shock to revalue securitiesfinancing transactions and derivatives, including collateral posted or received. The as-of date forthe counterparty default scenario component is the same as-of date as for the global marketshock component.32
29The Board may require a company to include one or more additional components in its severely adverse scenario in theannual stress test based on the company’s financial condition, size, complexity, risk profile, scope of operations, oractivities, or based on risks to the U.S. economy. See 12 CFR 238.143(b)(2)(ii); 12 CFR 252.14(b)(2)(ii); 12 CFR252.54(b)(2)(ii).30In identifying its largest counterparty, a firm subject to the counterparty default component will not consider the UnitedStates and sovereign entities with a rating equivalent to “AA-” or higher based on the firm’s internal credit rating system,certain multilateral development banks and supranational entities (International Bank for Reconstruction and Develop-ment, International Monetary Fund, Bank for International Settlements, European Commission, and European CentralBank), or qualifying central counterparties (QCCPs). See the definition of a QCCP at 12 CFR 217.2.Please note that although the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development is excluded, the other subsid-iaries of World Bank Group (including the International Development Association, International Finance Corporation, Mul-tilateral Investment Guarantee Agency, and International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes) must be consid-ered when selecting the firm’s largest counterparty.U.S. IHCs are not required to include any affiliate as a counterparty. An affiliate of a company includes a parent of thecompany, as well as any other firm that is consolidated with the company under applicable accounting standards,including U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or International Financial Reporting Standards. See 12 CFR252.171(b) & (f).31The Board is separately proposing to exclude certain sovereign entities from the counterparty default component forfuture stress test cycles. See the description of the Largest Counterparty Default Model, available at https://www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg/dfa-stress-tests-2026.htm. See also Enhanced Transparency and PublicAccountability Proposed Rule.32As with the global market shock component, a firm subject to the counterparty default component may use data as ofthe date that corresponds to its weekly internal risk reporting cycle so long as it falls during the business week of theas-of date for the counterparty default scenario component.
222026 Stress Test Scenarios
Variables for the Supervisory ScenariosTable 2.A. Historical data: Domestic variables, Q1:2000–Q4:2025Percent, unless otherwise indicatedDateRealGDPgrowthNominalGDPgrowthRealdispos-ableincomegrowthNominaldispos-ableincomegrowthUnem-ploymentrateCPIinflationrate3-monthTreasuryrate5-yearTreasuryyield10-yearTreasuryyieldBBBcorpo-rateyieldMort-gageratePrimerateLevelDowJonesTotalStockMarketIndexHousePrice IndexCommer-cial RealEstatePriceIndexMarketVolatilityIndexQ1 20001.54.27.210.74.04.05.56.66.78.38.38.714,29610212527.0Q2 20007.510.24.86.83.93.25.76.56.48.68.39.213,61910513333.5Q3 20000.42.85.48.14.03.76.06.16.18.28.09.513,61310714221.9Q4 20002.44.62.75.13.92.96.05.65.88.07.69.512,17611014531.7Q1 2001-1.31.33.26.34.23.94.84.95.37.57.08.610,64611214432.8Q2 20012.55.0-0.31.64.42.83.74.95.57.57.17.311,40711414534.7Q3 2001-1.60.09.59.74.81.13.24.65.37.27.06.69,56311614643.7Q4 20011.12.4-6.5-6.35.5-0.31.94.25.17.16.85.210,70811813935.3Q1 20023.44.79.910.85.71.31.74.55.47.47.04.810,77612014326.1Q2 20022.53.93.26.35.83.21.74.55.47.56.84.89,38412414128.4Q3 20021.63.60.52.65.72.21.63.44.57.26.34.87,77412714345.1Q4 20020.52.82.54.45.92.41.33.14.36.96.14.58,34312914942.6Q1 20032.14.10.13.25.94.21.22.94.26.25.84.38,05213215534.7Q2 20033.65.14.65.06.1-0.71.02.63.85.35.54.29,34213515329.1Q3 20036.89.37.09.86.13.00.93.14.45.66.04.09,65013914922.7Q4 20034.77.31.13.15.81.50.93.24.45.45.94.010,80014315121.1Q1 20042.35.21.85.05.73.40.93.04.15.05.64.011,03914816121.6Q2 20043.16.54.27.05.63.21.13.74.75.76.14.011,14515416920.0Q3 20043.86.52.64.65.42.61.53.54.45.45.94.410,89415917919.3Q4 20044.17.44.78.45.44.42.03.54.35.15.74.911,95216517916.6Q1 20054.57.9-5.3-3.15.32.02.53.94.45.25.85.411,63717218614.7Q2 20052.05.03.76.45.12.72.93.94.25.45.75.911,85717919017.7Q3 20053.27.01.55.95.06.23.44.04.35.45.86.412,28318519814.2Q4 20052.25.63.67.05.03.83.84.44.65.86.27.012,49719020416.5Q1 20065.58.57.69.94.72.14.44.64.75.86.27.413,12219421014.6Q2 20061.04.61.55.14.63.74.75.05.26.36.67.912,80919221923.8Q3 20060.63.40.63.54.63.84.94.85.06.36.68.313,32319122518.6Q4 20063.55.05.04.34.4-1.64.94.64.76.06.28.314,21619123212.7Q1 20071.25.13.16.94.54.05.04.64.86.06.28.314,35418923819.6Q2 20072.55.32.05.54.54.64.74.74.96.26.48.315,16318324618.9Q3 20072.34.60.73.04.72.64.34.54.86.56.68.215,31817825130.8Q4 20072.54.20.54.64.85.03.43.84.46.36.27.514,75417324931.1(continued)
23
Table 2.A—continuedDateRealGDPgrowthNominalGDPgrowthRealdispos-ableincomegrowthNominaldispos-ableincomegrowthUnem-ploymentrateCPIinflationrate3-monthTreasuryrate5-yearTreasuryyield10-yearTreasuryyieldBBBcorpo-rateyieldMort-gageratePrimerateLevelDowJonesTotalStockMarketIndexHousePrice IndexCommer-cial RealEstatePriceIndexMarketVolatilityIndexQ1 2008-1.7-0.21.75.15.04.42.12.83.96.45.96.213,28416622932.2Q2 20082.44.48.512.85.35.31.63.24.16.76.15.113,01615823224.1Q3 2008-2.10.9-7.5-3.56.06.31.53.14.17.16.35.011,82615122746.7Q4 2008-8.5-7.64.6-1.96.9-8.90.32.23.79.75.94.19,05714422080.9Q1 2009-4.5-4.8-0.3-3.08.3-2.70.21.93.29.15.13.38,04413920656.7Q2 2009-0.7-1.42.74.39.32.10.22.33.78.15.03.39,34313917142.3Q3 20091.41.9-4.8-2.19.63.50.22.53.86.55.23.310,81314016631.3Q4 20094.45.70.63.79.93.20.12.33.75.84.93.311,38514115430.7Q1 20102.03.12.44.09.80.60.12.43.95.65.03.312,03313915927.3Q2 20103.96.06.87.59.6-0.10.12.33.65.44.93.310,64614017145.8Q3 20103.14.42.23.09.51.20.21.62.94.84.43.311,81413717032.9Q4 20102.14.51.54.29.53.30.11.53.04.74.43.313,13213617223.5Q1 2011-0.91.14.17.69.04.30.12.13.55.04.83.313,90913317729.4Q2 20112.75.5-0.83.29.14.60.01.83.34.84.73.313,84413417422.7Q3 2011-0.12.32.14.19.02.60.01.12.54.54.33.311,67713517248.0Q4 20114.65.10.92.28.61.80.01.02.14.84.03.313,01913418345.5Q1 20123.45.86.39.18.32.30.10.92.14.43.93.314,62813618223.0Q2 20121.83.52.73.78.20.80.10.81.84.33.83.314,10013918226.7Q3 20120.62.8-3.1-2.08.01.80.10.71.63.93.63.314,89514218520.5Q4 20120.52.511.614.17.82.70.10.71.73.63.43.314,83514518922.7Q1 20134.05.7-14.9-13.77.71.60.10.81.93.73.53.316,39614919019.0Q2 20131.11.93.13.37.5-0.40.10.92.03.83.73.316,77115320120.5Q3 20133.45.51.43.17.22.20.01.52.74.74.43.317,71815621317.0Q4 20133.55.70.62.06.91.50.11.42.84.54.33.319,41315921420.3Q1 2014-1.40.14.76.76.72.50.01.62.84.44.43.319,71116121021.4Q2 20145.37.75.17.06.22.10.01.72.74.04.23.320,56916222017.0Q3 20145.06.73.85.06.11.00.01.72.53.94.13.320,45916522317.0Q4 20142.02.45.85.35.7-1.00.01.62.34.04.03.321,42516723126.3Q1 20153.73.45.63.75.5-2.60.01.52.03.93.73.321,70816924122.4Q2 20152.54.91.23.25.42.80.01.52.23.93.83.321,63117124618.9Q3 20151.62.72.23.35.11.50.01.62.34.34.03.319,95917424740.7Q4 20150.70.72.32.05.00.00.11.62.24.43.93.321,10117624424.4Q1 20162.32.03.33.54.9-0.20.31.42.04.53.73.521,17917823828.1Q2 20161.34.1-0.81.74.93.20.31.31.83.93.63.521,62218024625.8Q3 20162.93.92.33.74.91.70.31.21.63.53.43.522,46918325618.1Q4 20162.24.22.64.54.82.60.41.72.23.93.83.523,27718625722.5Q1 20172.04.14.26.74.62.80.62.02.54.04.23.824,50818825113.1(continued)
242026 Stress Test Scenarios
Table 2.A—continuedDateRealGDPgrowthNominalGDPgrowthRealdispos-ableincomegrowthNominaldispos-ableincomegrowthUnem-ploymentrateCPIinflationrate3-monthTreasuryrate5-yearTreasuryyield10-yearTreasuryyieldBBBcorpo-rateyieldMort-gageratePrimerateLevelDowJonesTotalStockMarketIndexHousePrice IndexCommer-cial RealEstatePriceIndexMarketVolatilityIndexQ2 20172.33.34.45.34.40.50.91.82.33.84.04.025,12519127116.0Q3 20173.25.32.84.34.31.91.01.82.33.73.94.326,14919426516.0Q4 20174.67.22.55.04.23.21.22.12.43.73.94.327,67319727013.1Q1 20183.35.94.37.24.03.41.62.52.84.14.34.527,38320027437.3Q2 20182.15.13.65.83.92.21.82.82.94.54.54.828,31420227323.6Q3 20182.54.34.35.73.81.62.02.82.94.54.65.030,19020427516.1Q4 20180.62.33.95.53.81.62.32.93.04.84.85.325,72520627136.1Q1 20192.53.85.05.93.91.12.42.52.74.54.45.529,19420828125.5Q2 20193.45.5-0.32.03.63.02.32.12.44.04.05.530,24421029320.6Q3 20194.86.12.73.73.61.32.01.71.83.43.75.330,44221229224.6Q4 20192.84.01.93.53.62.81.61.61.83.33.74.833,03521528720.6Q1 2020-5.2-3.32.33.83.81.41.11.21.43.43.54.425,98521829382.7Q2 2020-28.0-29.146.243.813.0-3.80.10.40.73.43.23.331,57722028457.1Q3 202034.939.9-13.1-10.38.84.70.10.30.62.43.03.334,30622728733.6Q4 20204.67.2-7.9-6.06.82.90.10.40.92.32.83.339,22023629540.3Q1 20215.711.259.066.36.24.00.10.61.42.42.93.341,60324329837.2Q2 20217.013.8-27.3-22.85.97.60.00.81.62.63.03.344,90425530627.6Q3 20213.39.8-4.50.85.16.60.00.81.42.42.93.344,70626533125.7Q4 20217.014.6-4.42.24.28.80.11.21.62.73.13.348,63427634031.1Q1 2022-1.07.2-11.4-4.53.99.10.31.92.03.53.83.345,84728733236.5Q2 20220.610.0-2.05.43.69.91.13.03.04.95.33.937,97729633434.8Q3 20222.97.66.611.53.55.42.73.33.25.35.65.436,09829433732.6Q4 20222.86.84.18.43.64.14.04.13.96.16.76.838,52129533433.6Q1 20232.96.812.216.63.53.74.63.83.75.66.47.741,13729833326.5Q2 20232.54.74.37.43.53.05.13.73.75.76.58.244,41230234220.1Q3 20234.78.22.04.83.63.55.34.34.26.07.08.442,78930833618.9Q4 20233.45.13.55.33.82.85.34.54.56.27.38.547,78831131121.7Q1 20240.84.04.27.93.83.75.24.14.25.66.78.552,40331430415.9Q2 20243.66.32.45.14.02.85.24.54.55.87.08.553,91631630719.2Q3 20243.35.11.23.04.21.45.03.84.05.36.58.457,04631930338.6Q4 20241.94.32.04.64.13.04.44.14.35.46.67.858,39932230327.6Q1 2025-0.62.92.35.84.13.84.24.34.55.66.87.555,37532229527.9Q2 20253.86.01.84.04.21.64.24.04.45.76.87.561,31032229052.3Q3 20254.38.20.02.84.33.14.13.84.35.36.67.566,14632330320.4Q4 20251.04.01.13.94.52.83.73.74.15.16.27.067,50232330626.4Note: Refer to Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historicalobservations of the variables in the table.
Variables for the Supervisory Scenarios25
Table 2.B. Historical data: International variables, Q1:2000–Q4:2025Percent, unless otherwise indicatedDateEuro areareal GDPgrowthEuro areainflationEuro areabilateraldollarexchangerate(USD/euro)DevelopingAsia realGDPgrowthDevelopingAsia infla-tionDevelopingAsia bilat-eraldollarexchangerate(F/USD,index)1Japanreal GDPgrowthJapaninflationJapanbilateraldollarexchangerate(yen/USD)U.K.real GDPgrowthU.K.inflationU.K.bilateraldollarexchangerate(USD/pound)Q1 20005.22.60.9577.51.5100.07.7-0.5102.75.40.31.592Q2 20003.70.90.9557.1-0.3100.72.5-1.1106.12.90.51.513Q3 20002.73.40.8847.82.3101.4-0.2-0.4107.92.51.01.479Q4 20001.92.80.9393.72.5105.24.2-1.0114.42.41.91.496Q1 20014.51.20.8794.51.7106.12.40.7125.53.4-0.11.419Q2 20010.24.00.8475.52.1106.2-3.0-1.9124.71.73.21.408Q3 20010.91.50.9104.91.3106.5-4.6-0.7119.21.91.01.469Q4 2001-0.21.70.8908.30.0107.0-0.9-1.8131.01.1-0.11.454Q1 20020.93.10.8728.10.5107.41.0-1.2132.71.22.01.425Q2 20021.92.00.9868.21.1104.82.90.3119.92.10.91.525Q3 20021.81.60.9887.21.5105.51.2-0.4121.72.41.31.570Q4 20020.82.31.0496.60.8104.50.9-0.8118.82.71.91.610Q1 2003-1.13.31.0906.83.6105.5-0.50.0118.13.41.71.579Q2 20030.20.51.1502.11.1104.03.30.3119.93.80.21.653Q3 20032.62.11.16514.20.1102.61.2-0.7111.44.21.71.662Q4 20032.62.31.26012.85.5103.44.1-0.7107.13.21.71.784Q1 20042.12.21.2295.94.0101.43.50.6104.21.31.41.840Q2 20042.52.61.2187.24.1102.8-0.3-0.3109.41.90.81.813Q3 20040.92.01.2428.04.1102.72.2-0.1110.21.41.11.809Q4 20041.82.41.3546.40.898.8-1.52.0102.71.82.41.916Q1 20051.11.41.29710.92.998.52.5-1.2107.23.12.61.889Q2 20052.52.21.2108.51.598.93.9-1.0110.93.41.81.793Q3 20053.03.11.2069.32.498.53.7-1.1113.33.72.81.770Q4 20052.82.51.18411.51.698.01.10.4117.94.31.41.719Q1 20063.81.71.21410.92.496.60.31.1117.51.41.91.739Q2 20064.52.51.2787.03.296.51.10.4114.51.13.01.849Q3 20062.22.01.26910.32.296.2-0.10.4118.00.63.31.872Q4 20064.80.91.32011.23.694.45.5-0.6119.01.42.61.959Q1 20072.82.31.33713.63.693.82.9-0.7117.64.52.51.969Q2 20072.72.31.35210.64.991.80.60.4123.43.81.82.006Q3 20071.62.11.4228.87.690.5-2.60.3115.03.80.32.039Q4 20072.04.91.46012.95.989.32.32.0111.73.44.01.984Q1 20082.64.21.5817.28.188.00.81.499.91.53.41.986Q2 2008-1.93.21.5756.06.388.7-1.91.7106.2-2.15.81.991Q3 2008-2.23.21.4082.93.091.6-4.43.8105.9-6.45.91.780Q4 2008-6.7-1.41.3920.5-1.192.3-9.2-2.490.8-8.20.41.462(continued)
262026 Stress Test Scenarios
Table 2.B—continuedDateEuro areareal GDPgrowthEuro areainflationEuro areabilateraldollarexchangerate(USD/euro)DevelopingAsia realGDPgrowthDevelopingAsia infla-tionDevelopingAsia bilat-eraldollarexchangerate(F/USD,index)1Japanreal GDPgrowthJapaninflationJapanbilateraldollarexchangerate(yen/USD)U.K.real GDPgrowthU.K.inflationU.K.bilateraldollarexchangerate(USD/pound)Q1 2009-11.7-1.01.3264.2-1.494.3-16.6-3.599.2-7.8-0.21.430Q2 20090.00.01.40215.12.392.34.5-1.596.4-1.22.31.645Q3 20091.41.11.46312.74.091.3-2.6-1.589.50.53.61.600Q4 20091.81.61.4339.64.990.76.6-1.493.11.32.81.617Q1 20101.61.81.3539.84.489.85.11.093.43.44.21.519Q2 20103.81.91.2299.33.491.15.6-1.488.54.63.31.495Q3 20101.81.61.3608.84.288.47.1-2.083.52.42.21.573Q4 20102.42.61.3279.67.587.4-3.41.481.70.23.91.539Q1 20113.93.71.4189.36.286.4-5.6-0.482.80.77.01.605Q2 20110.03.11.4526.85.485.3-2.5-0.780.6-0.24.61.607Q3 20110.11.31.3455.65.387.49.90.477.00.73.51.562Q4 2011-1.23.51.2976.63.087.30.1-0.677.00.33.41.554Q1 2012-1.02.91.3337.63.186.36.22.382.43.82.31.599Q2 2012-1.42.21.2675.73.988.1-3.7-1.479.8-0.21.91.569Q3 2012-0.51.51.2866.62.286.2-1.6-2.077.94.22.11.613Q4 2012-1.72.51.3197.33.485.9-0.20.186.6-0.64.21.626Q1 2013-1.31.31.2826.64.586.25.20.694.21.13.01.519Q2 20132.70.21.3016.22.887.14.20.099.22.71.51.521Q3 20131.21.11.3547.83.686.53.82.798.33.12.11.618Q4 20130.80.51.3786.93.885.7-0.62.4105.32.71.71.657Q1 20141.90.91.3786.31.486.84.21.0103.03.21.81.668Q2 20140.9-0.41.3697.42.686.5-5.68.3101.33.81.41.711Q3 20142.00.11.2636.52.486.90.81.9109.73.30.81.622Q4 20141.50.01.2105.90.988.02.3-0.8119.92.7-0.31.558Q1 20153.1-0.81.0746.30.988.06.60.1120.01.2-1.31.485Q2 20151.72.41.1156.82.888.30.31.1122.11.80.81.573Q3 20151.7-0.21.1166.52.791.00.60.3119.81.60.71.512Q4 20152.0-0.41.0865.71.192.1-0.8-0.8120.32.40.01.475Q1 20161.9-1.41.1396.73.091.73.5-0.5112.42.00.01.438Q2 20160.81.51.1036.92.994.1-1.40.0102.83.00.71.324Q3 20161.91.31.1246.61.293.60.9-0.4101.21.82.01.302Q4 20163.11.71.0555.91.697.50.12.2116.82.52.11.234Q1 20173.32.61.0706.31.395.12.9-0.7111.43.93.81.254Q2 20172.70.51.1416.72.294.61.30.7112.43.53.11.300Q3 20173.01.11.1815.82.393.64.60.4112.62.72.21.340Q4 20173.31.71.2026.12.591.00.61.8112.73.03.11.353Q1 20180.21.81.2328.52.589.0-0.72.0106.20.32.51.403(continued)
Variables for the Supervisory Scenarios27
Table 2.B—continuedDateEuro areareal GDPgrowthEuro areainflationEuro areabilateraldollarexchangerate(USD/euro)DevelopingAsia realGDPgrowthDevelopingAsia infla-tionDevelopingAsia bilat-eraldollarexchangerate(F/USD,index)1Japanreal GDPgrowthJapaninflationJapanbilateraldollarexchangerate(yen/USD)U.K.real GDPgrowthU.K.inflationU.K.bilateraldollarexchangerate(USD/pound)Q2 20182.12.31.1686.41.993.42.6-1.3110.70.91.81.320Q3 20180.32.81.1622.92.997.1-1.92.0113.51.32.61.305Q4 20182.21.01.1465.31.296.10.30.7109.70.52.11.276Q1 20192.9-0.41.1238.31.194.40.5-0.4110.72.01.01.303Q2 20191.52.31.1376.54.996.31.61.1107.80.92.31.270Q3 20190.81.01.0910.63.499.70.20.1108.12.21.91.231Q4 2019-0.41.31.1234.16.797.8-11.01.3108.70.00.41.327Q1 2020-12.4-0.31.102-23.63.7101.51.50.0107.5-10.52.21.245Q2 2020-37.6-1.11.12436.7-2.197.4-25.9-0.9107.8-58.8-2.21.237Q3 202054.80.11.17220.11.895.621.5-0.4105.687.22.11.292Q4 20201.50.31.22313.40.292.76.8-2.4103.25.60.21.366Q1 20213.24.81.1745.43.293.54.31.6110.6-4.22.71.380Q2 20219.02.31.1855.41.991.53.0-1.7111.131.03.01.381Q3 20217.24.01.1581.90.692.7-0.61.9111.56.95.31.347Q4 20213.37.61.1327.63.892.24.80.3115.25.68.81.350Q1 20223.010.81.1093.02.292.8-1.53.1121.44.18.01.315Q2 20223.810.11.047-0.86.298.14.04.3135.72.314.41.216Q3 20221.88.80.9787.41.6103.6-1.43.7144.70.49.11.113Q4 2022-0.210.21.0703.21.1101.11.74.2131.81.011.71.208Q1 2023-0.13.01.0877.50.4100.52.92.5132.80.25.81.237Q2 20230.83.11.0927.21.0104.81.13.1144.50.27.01.271Q3 2023-0.13.61.0584.22.0106.5-5.32.8149.4-1.02.61.221Q4 20230.21.31.1064.50.2104.21.83.2140.9-1.31.51.274Q1 20241.12.41.0795.71.2105.9-2.11.1151.23.33.21.264Q2 20240.92.71.0714.31.5106.71.03.8160.92.40.91.264Q3 20241.82.11.1153.91.9104.12.73.1143.30.92.61.340Q4 20241.51.71.0356.70.2108.61.43.7157.41.13.31.252Q1 20252.32.91.0806.0-0.7108.11.54.4149.92.74.41.290Q2 20250.61.51.1774.51.1106.42.12.2144.20.93.51.372Q3 20251.12.31.1744.10.5107.2-2.31.2148.00.43.91.344Q4 20250.51.61.1743.71.0106.80.62.1156.80.72.81.345Note: Refer to Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historicalobservations of the variables in the table.1F/USD denotes foreign currency index, relative to the U.S. dollar, obtained as a weighted average of the exchangerates of the countries in the developing Asia bloc.
282026 Stress Test Scenarios
Table 3.A. Supervisory baseline scenario: Domestic variables, Q1:2026–Q1:2029Percent, unless otherwise indicatedDateRealGDPgrowthNominalGDPgrowthRealdispos-ableincomegrowthNominaldispos-ableincomegrowthUnem-ploymentrateCPIinflationrate3-monthTreasuryrate5-yearTreasuryyield10-yearTreasuryyieldBBBcorpo-rateyieldMort-gageratePrimerateLevelDowJonesTotalStockMarketIndexHousePriceIndexCom-mercialRealEstatePriceIndexMarketVolatilityIndexQ1 20261.94.83.16.24.63.03.63.74.15.26.16.668,29932531023.0Q2 20261.94.52.14.84.62.73.43.64.15.36.06.469,05732631322.0Q3 20262.04.51.94.54.62.63.23.74.15.36.06.269,82032631621.9Q4 20262.04.52.24.64.52.53.13.74.15.46.06.170,59232732022.1Q1 20272.14.52.44.84.52.53.13.74.15.45.96.171,36632732322.5Q2 20272.14.42.34.64.42.33.13.74.15.55.96.172,13832732722.9Q3 20272.04.32.24.44.32.43.13.84.15.55.86.172,89532733023.2Q4 20272.04.32.24.44.32.33.13.94.25.65.86.173,66432833423.5Q1 20282.04.22.14.44.32.23.13.94.15.65.86.174,41932833723.8Q2 20282.04.12.14.44.32.23.03.94.15.65.86.075,17432834124.1Q3 20282.04.12.14.34.32.23.03.94.15.65.76.075,92932934424.3Q4 20282.04.02.14.34.32.23.03.94.15.65.76.076,68432934724.5Q1 20291.94.12.14.34.22.23.03.94.15.65.76.077,45133035124.6Note: Refer to Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historicalobservations of the variables in the table.Table 3.B. Supervisory baseline scenario: International variables, Q1:2026–Q1:2029Percent, unless otherwise indicatedDateEuro areareal GDPgrowthEuro areainflationEuro areabilateraldollarexchangerate(USD/euro)DevelopingAsia realGDPgrowthDevelopingAsia infla-tionDevelopingAsia bilat-eraldollarexchangerate(F/USD,index)1Japanreal GDPgrowthJapaninflationJapanbilateraldollarexchangerate(yen/USD)U.K.real GDPgrowthU.K.inflationU.K.bilateraldollarexchangerate(USD/pound)Q1 20261.11.81.1764.41.2106.90.81.9155.51.12.51.344Q2 20261.51.81.1795.01.4107.00.91.8154.21.32.21.344Q3 20261.71.81.1825.21.5107.10.91.8153.01.42.11.343Q4 20261.61.91.1854.91.5107.10.91.9151.71.42.01.343Q1 20271.51.91.1864.31.6106.90.91.9150.01.42.11.346Q2 20271.42.01.1873.91.7106.60.81.9148.21.42.11.350Q3 20271.32.01.1883.91.8106.40.81.9146.51.42.11.353Q4 20271.32.01.1894.11.9106.20.81.9144.81.42.11.356Q1 20281.41.91.1894.42.0106.20.71.9144.81.32.01.356Q2 20281.41.91.1894.62.0106.20.61.8144.81.32.01.356Q3 20281.41.91.1894.62.1106.20.61.8144.81.32.01.356Q4 20281.41.91.1894.52.1106.20.71.8144.81.32.01.356Q1 20291.31.91.1894.12.1106.20.71.8144.81.32.01.356Note: Refer to Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historicalobservations of the variables in the table.1F/USD denotes foreign currency index, relative to the U.S. dollar, obtained as a weighted average of the exchangerates of the countries in the developing Asia bloc.
Variables for the Supervisory Scenarios29
Table 4.A. Supervisory severely adverse scenario: Domestic variables, Q1:2026–Q1:2029Percent, unless otherwise indicatedDateRealGDPgrowthNominalGDPgrowthRealdispos-ableincomegrowthNominaldispos-ableincomegrowthUnem-ploymentrateCPIinflationrate3-monthTreasuryrate5-yearTreasuryyield10-yearTreasuryyieldBBBcorpo-rateyieldMort-gageratePrimerateLevelDowJonesTotalStockMarketIndexHousePriceIndexCom-mercialRealEstatePriceIndexMarketVolatilityIndexQ1 2026-5.4-3.1-0.91.45.92.52.52.43.17.56.05.541,36430329159.7Q2 2026-4.9-3.3-1.10.57.21.80.11.82.78.25.93.134,73228327672.0Q3 2026-3.8-2.9-0.70.28.21.10.11.42.48.15.83.128,49027326170.9Q4 2026-2.7-1.9-0.30.59.01.00.11.32.37.95.73.131,16126324666.6Q1 2027-1.4-0.50.31.29.51.10.11.32.37.55.63.133,83225423262.3Q2 2027-0.30.60.71.69.91.10.11.32.37.15.53.136,50324421758.1Q3 20271.12.01.52.310.01.10.11.32.46.75.43.139,17423620253.8Q4 20273.03.92.43.29.81.10.11.32.46.35.33.141,84522718749.5Q1 20284.04.92.93.89.41.10.11.32.45.95.33.144,51623118945.3Q2 20284.05.02.93.99.11.20.11.32.55.55.23.147,18723519141.0Q3 20284.05.12.93.98.71.20.11.42.55.25.23.149,85823819336.7Q4 20284.05.12.94.08.41.30.11.42.64.85.13.152,52924219532.5Q1 20293.95.12.84.08.01.30.11.52.74.55.13.155,20024619628.2Note: Refer to Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historicalobservations of the variables in the table.Table 4.B. Supervisory severely adverse scenario: International variables, Q1:2026–Q1:2029Percent, unless otherwise indicatedDateEuro areareal GDPgrowthEuro areainflationEuro areabilateraldollarexchangerate(USD/euro)DevelopingAsia realGDPgrowthDevelopingAsia infla-tionDevelopingAsia bilat-eraldollarexchangerate(F/USD,index)1Japanreal GDPgrowthJapaninflationJapanbilateraldollarexchangerate(yen/USD)U.K.real GDPgrowthU.K.inflationU.K.bilateraldollarexchangerate(USD/pound)Q1 2026-8.60.51.1240.4-1.0111.5-9.10.5156.3-8.80.91.288Q2 2026-8.5-0.41.0800.4-2.4116.1-9.1-0.4155.9-8.7-0.11.237Q3 2026-6.7-1.01.0431.4-3.3120.3-7.3-1.0155.5-6.9-0.81.195Q4 2026-0.5-1.11.0214.7-3.5122.9-1.1-1.2155.2-0.5-1.01.169Q1 20271.5-0.91.0215.8-3.0122.80.9-0.9155.21.5-0.81.170Q2 20271.5-0.51.0355.8-2.4121.20.9-0.6155.41.5-0.41.185Q3 20271.4-0.11.0545.7-1.7119.00.8-0.2155.61.40.01.207Q4 20271.30.21.0745.7-1.0116.70.70.2155.81.30.31.231Q1 20281.30.61.0945.7-0.4114.60.70.5156.01.30.71.254Q2 20281.30.91.1145.70.2112.60.70.8156.21.31.01.276Q3 20281.31.21.1345.70.8110.60.71.2156.41.31.31.299Q4 20281.31.61.1535.71.5108.70.71.5156.61.31.71.322Q1 20291.31.91.1745.72.1106.80.71.8156.81.32.01.345Note: Refer to Notes Regarding Scenario Variables for more information on the definitions and sources of historicalobservations of the variables in the table.1F/USD denotes foreign currency index, relative to the U.S. dollar, obtained as a weighted average of the exchangerates of the countries in the developing Asia bloc.
302026 Stress Test Scenarios
Notes Regarding Scenario VariablesThe following are descriptions of data as released through January 13, 2026. The 2025:Q4 valuesof variables marked with an asterisk (*) are estimates. The 2025:Q4 values for U.S. unemploy-ment rate and U.S. CPI inflation reflect an average of November 2025 and December 2025 read-ings as the October 2025 data was not published.*U.S. real GDP growth: Quarterly percent change in real gross domestic product (chained 2017dollars), expressed at an annualized rate, Bureau of Economic Analysis (NIPA table 1.1.6, line 1).*U.S. nominal GDP growth:Quarterly percent change in gross domestic product (current dollars),expressed at an annualized rate, Bureau of Economic Analysis (NIPA table 1.1.5, line 1).*U.S. real disposable income growth:Quarterly percent change in real disposable personalincome (current-dollar values divided by the price index for personal consumption expenditures),expressed at an annualized rate, Bureau of Economic Analysis (NIPA table 2.1, line 27, and NIPAtable 1.1.4, line 2, respectively).*U.S. nominal disposable income growth:Quarterly percent change in disposable personalincome (current dollars), expressed at an annualized rate, Bureau of Economic Analysis (NIPAtable 2.1, line 27).U.S. unemployment rate: Quarterly average of seasonally adjusted monthly unemployment ratesfor the civilian, non-institutional population aged 16 years and older, Bureau of Labor Statistics(series LNS14000000).U.S. CPI inflation:Percent change in the quarterly average of seasonally adjusted monthly levelsof the all-items CPI for all urban consumers (CPI-U), expressed at an annualized rate, Bureau ofLabor Statistics (series CUSR0000SA0).U.S. 3-month Treasury rate:Quarterly average of 3-month Treasury bill secondary market rate on adiscount basis, H.15 Release, Selected Interest Rates, Federal Reserve Board (seriesRIFSGFSM03_N.B).U.S. 5-year Treasury yield:Quarterly average of the yield on 5-year U.S. Treasury notes, con-structed for the FRB/U.S. model by Federal Reserve staff based on the Svensson smoothed termstructure model (see Lars E. O. Svensson, 1995, “Estimating Forward Interest Rates with theExtended Nelson–Siegel Method,” Quarterly Review, no. 3, Sveriges Riksbank, pp. 13–26).
Variables for the Supervisory Scenarios31
U.S. 10-year Treasury yield:Quarterly average of the yield on 10-year U.S. Treasury notes, con-structed for the FRB/U.S. model by Federal Reserve staff based on the Svensson smoothed termstructure model (see Svensson, “Estimating Forward Interest Rates”).U.S. BBB corporate yield:Quarterly average of ICE BofAML U.S. Corporate 7-10 Year Yield-to-Maturity Index, ICE Data Indices, LLC, used with permission (C4A4 series).U.S. mortgage rate:Quarterly average of weekly series for the interest rate of a conventional, con-forming, 30-year fixed-rate mortgage, obtained from the Primary Mortgage Market Survey of theFederal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation.U.S. prime rate:Quarterly average of monthly series, H.15 Release (Selected Interest Rates),Federal Reserve Board (series RIFSPBLP_N.M).U.S. Dow Jones Total Stock Market (Float Cap) Index:End-of-quarter value via BloombergFinance L.P.*U.S. House Price Index: Price Index for Owner-Occupied Real Estate, Z.1 Release (FinancialAccounts of the United States), Federal Reserve Board (series FL075035243.Q divided by 1000).*U.S. Commercial Real Estate Price Index:Commercial Real Estate Price Index, Z.1 Release(Financial Accounts of the United States), Federal Reserve Board (series FL075035503.Q dividedby 1000).U.S. Market Volatility Index (VIX):VIX converted to quarterly frequency using the maximum close-of-day value in any quarter, Chicago Board Options Exchange via Bloomberg Finance L.P.*Euro area real GDP growth:Quarterly percent change in real gross domestic product at an annu-alized rate, staff calculations based on Statistical Office of the European Communities via Haver,extended back using ECB Area Wide Model dataset (ECB Working Paper series no. 42).*Euro area inflation:Percent change in the quarterly average of the harmonized index of con-sumer prices at an annualized rate, staff calculations based on Statistical Office of the EuropeanCommunities via Haver.*Developing Asia real GDP growth:Quarterly percent change in real gross domestic product at anannualized rate, staff calculations based on data from Bank of Korea via Haver; National Bureauof Statistics of China via Haver; Indian Central Statistics Office via Haver; Census and Statistics
322026 Stress Test Scenarios
Department of Hong Kong via Haver; and Taiwan Directorate-General of Budget, Accounting andStatistics via Haver.*Developing Asia inflation:Percent change in the quarterly average of the consumer price index,or local equivalent, at an annualized rate, staff calculations based on data from National Bureauof Statistics of China via Haver; Indian Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation viaHaver; Labour Bureau of India via Haver; Statistics Korea (KOSTAT) via Haver; Census and Statis-tics Department of Hong Kong via Haver; and Taiwan Directorate-General of Budget, Accountingand Statistics via Haver.*Japan real GDP growth:Quarterly percent change in real gross domestic product at an annual-ized rate from 1980 to present and percent change in gross domestic expenditure at an annual-ized rate prior to 1980, Cabinet Office of Japan via Haver.*Japan inflation:Percent change in the quarterly average of the consumer price index at an annu-alized rate, based on data from the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications via Haver.*U.K. real GDP growth:Quarterly percent change in real gross domestic product at an annualizedrate, U.K. Office for National Statistics via Haver.*U.K. inflation:Percent change in the quarterly average of the consumer price index at an annual-ized rate from 1988 to present and percent change in the quarterly average of the retail pricesindex prior to 1988, staff calculations based on data from the U.K. Office for National Statisticsvia Haver.Exchange rates:End-of-quarter exchange rates, H.10 Release (Foreign Exchange Rates), FederalReserve Board.
Variables for the Supervisory Scenarios33

RevisionsThe Federal Reserve revised this report on February 6, 2026, to correct text linking to tables.The revisions are listed below:On page 8, in the last sentence under Baseline and Severely Adverse Scenarios, the text“tables 1.A and 1.B” has been updated to “tables 2.A and 2.B.”On page 8, in the first sentence under Baseline Scenario, the text “(see table 2.A)” has beenupdated to “(see table 3.A).”On page 9, in the first sentence of the third paragraph, the text “(see table 2.B)” has beenupdated to “(see table 3.B).”On page 11, in the first sentence of the last paragraph, the text “(see table 3.A)” has beenupdated to “(see table 4.A).”On page 15, in the first sentence of the second paragraph, the text “(see table 3.B)” has beenupdated to “(see table 4.B).”
35
Find other Federal Reserve Board publications at www.federalreserve.gov/publications/default.htm,or visit our website to learn more about the Board and how to connect with us on social media.
www.federalreserve.gov0226